Elon Musk post "retardio" in April?
Phantom post "retardio" in April?
Will "1667 feet" be said during the Taipei 101 climb?
Will "5.2" or "GPT-5.2" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "508 meters" be said during the Taipei 101 climb?
Will "AI" or "Artificial Intelligence" be said at the 83rd Golden Globes?
Will "AI" or "Artificial Intelligence" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 1)
Will "AI" or "Artificial Intelligence" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 25)
Will "AOC" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "AOC" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 1)
Will "Acceptance Speech" be said at the 83rd Golden Globes?
Will "Adam" or "Eve" be said during the next episode of the All-In podcast?
Will "Alien" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 8)
Will "Alpha" or "Beta" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 1)
Will "Alpha" or "Beta" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 8)
Will "Amen" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 1)
Will "Ann Michael Maye" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Argentina" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Argentina" be said during the next episode of the All-In podcast?
Will "Assault" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Audit" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "BRICS" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Bakemas" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Bernie" or "Sanders" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 1)
Will "Biden" be said by every candidate in the 2nd RNC primary debate?
Will "Biden" be said by every candidate in the RNC primary debate on August 23?
Will "Bitcoin / Crypto" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Black and White" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 1)
Will "Bubble" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "California" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Chimp" or "Ape" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 1)
Will "Chimp" or "Ape" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 8)
Will "China" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Clout" be said on the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Code Red" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Coffee" or "Tea" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Congress" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (February 22)
Will "Crimp" be said during the Taipei 101 climb?
Will "Crypto" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 1)
Will "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 8)
Will "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 25)
Will "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "DHS" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (February 22)
Will "DOJ" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 15)
Will "DeepSeek" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Deepfake" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 8)
Will "Deepfake" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 25)
Will "Democrat" be said 10+ times during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 25)
Will "Denmark" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Diet" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 8)
Will "Diet" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 18)
Will "Disgraceful" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Disgraceful" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Disgraziad" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Disgraziad" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Disgraziad" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Donald" or "Trump" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 1)
Will "Dow Jones" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (February 22)
Will "Drake Maye Lover" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Drink" or "Drunk" be said at the 83rd Golden Globes?
Will "Drone" be said during the Taipei 101 climb?
Will "Dumb" or "Kamala" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Dystopian" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Elizabeth" or "Warren" be said during the next episode of the All-In podcast?
Will "Elk" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 8)
Will "Elk" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 18)
Will "Elon" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Elon" or "Musk" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 8)
Will "Elon" or "Musk" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 25)
Will "Emerald City Route Artist" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Epstein" be said at the 83rd Golden Globes?
Will "Epstein" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 18)
Will "Epstein" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 25)
Will "Epstein" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Epstein" or "Island" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Eric Adams" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Explode" or "Explosion" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Fentanyl" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (February 22)
Will "Flushed out" or "Flush out" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Foundational Shift" be said on the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Gavin" or "Newsom" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Gemini" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Genesis" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Gobble Gobble" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Google" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Grammy" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 15)
Will "Greenland" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 1)
Will "Greenland" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 25)
Will "Healthcare" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 15)
Will "Hillary" or "Clinton" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 1)
Will "Honnold Foundation" be said during the Taipei 101 climb?
Will "ICE" or "Border Patrol" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Idiot" or "Dumb" be said during the next episode of the All-In podcast?
Will "Independence" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Independence" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Intellectually Honest" be said on the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Interest Rate" be said during the next episode of the All-In podcast?
Will "Israel" be said 20 or more times in the 4th RNC primary debate?
Will "Israel" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Italy" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Jamie" be said 3+ times during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 15)
Will "Jamie" be said 5+ times during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 18)
Will "Joe" or "Rogan" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Jump ball" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Kalshi" be said during the Robinhood stream?
Will "Kamala" be said at the 83rd Golden Globes?
Will "Knee injury" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Legendary" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Low IQ" or "Crockett be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Lucid" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 8)
Will "MAGA" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Mahomes" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "McDonald's" be said during the World Cup Draw on December 5?
Will "Mention" be said at the 83rd Golden Globes?
Will "Methylene Blue" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 1)
Will "Microsoft" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Middle-school Math" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Minnesota" be said at the 83rd Golden Globes?
Will "Monad" be said on the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Moon" or "Mars" be said during the next episode of the All-In podcast?
Will "Motherfucker" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 8)
Will "NFT" be said during the Robinhood stream?
Will "National Geographic" be said during the Taipei 101 climb?
Will "New York" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Now here's a guy" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Nuclear" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 8)
Will "Nuclear" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Nuclear" be said during the next episode of the All-In podcast?
Will "Nvidia" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Nvidia" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Olympic" or "Olympics" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 15)
Will "Olympic" or "Olympics" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (February 22)
Will "Olympics" be said during the World Cup Draw on December 5?
Will "Ozempic" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 1)
Will "Ozempic" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 25)
Will "Palantir" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Pam" or "Bondi" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 15)
Will "Pam" or "Bondi" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (February 22)
Will "Pete" or "Hegseth" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Polymarket" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Polymarket" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 1)
Will "Prime Minister" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 1)
Will "Protest" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 15)
Will "Putin" be said by every candidate in the 4th RNC primary debate?
Will "Quagmire" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Quizzical" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Recession" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 18)
Will "Recession" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Recession" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Recession" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Ronaldo" be said during the World Cup Draw on December 5?
Will "Sanders" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Santa" or "Elf" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Santa" or "Elf" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Sauna" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 18)
Will "Scott" or "Bessent" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Shahed" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Shooting" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (February 22)
Will "Shutdown" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 15)
Will "Shutdown" or "Shut Down" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (February 22)
Will "Six Seven" be said at the 83rd Golden Globes?
Will "Space" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 18)
Will "SpaceX" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Spanish" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Steve" or "Witkoff" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Super Bowl" or "Big Game" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (February 22)
Will "Supreme Court" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Switzerland" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Tariff" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Tequila" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Terrorist" or "Terrorism" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (February 22)
Will "Tesla" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Testosterone" or "TRT" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 25)
Will "Too late" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Trump" be said at the 83rd Golden Globes?
Will "Trump" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Trump" be said by every candidate in the 2nd RNC primary debate?
Will "Trump" be said by every candidate in the RNC primary debate on August 23?
Will "Trump" be said during the Robinhood stream?
Will "Trump" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 25)
Will "UFC" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 8)
Will "UFO" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 25)
Will "UFO" or "Alien" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 1)
Will "Uber Investor" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Uber" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Ukraine" be said 10 or more times in the 2nd RNC primary debate?
Will "Unconstitutional" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Underdog" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "United as one" be said during the World Cup Draw on December 5?
Will "VPN" or "Censorship" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Valuation" be said on the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Venezuela" or "Maduro" be said at the 83rd Golden Globes?
Will "Vuvuzela" be said during the World Cup Draw on December 5?
Will "Weed" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 8)
Will "Weed" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 18)
Will "Wild Shit" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 25)
Will "Woke" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 18)
Will "Zelensky" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Zelenskyy" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "abortion" be said 5 or more times in the 2nd RNC primary debate?
Will "ceasefire" be said 5 or more times in the 3rd RNC primary debate?
Will "ceasefire" be said 5 or more times in the 4th RNC primary debate?
Will "inflation" be said 10 or more times in the 2nd RNC primary debate?
Will Andrew Tate post "retard" tomorrow? 
Will Biden say "Bitcoin" during his State of the Union address?
Will Biden say "Hunter" during his State of the Union address?
Will Biden say "Moon" during his State of the Union address?
Will Biden say "Navalny" during his State of the Union address?
Will Biden say "Trump" during his State of the Union address?
Will Biden say "recession" in his Tuesday remarks on inflation?
Will Donald Trump say "Barron" during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "China" during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "Comrade Kamala" 3 or more times during his Pennsylvania rally?
Will Donald Trump say "Crypto" 10+ times during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" during his Pennsylvania rally?
Will Donald Trump say "Dogecoin" during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "ETF" or "Exchange Traded Fund" during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "Energy" during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "Ethereum" during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "Hack" during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "Haitian" during his Pennsylvania rally?
Will Donald Trump say "Hezbollah" during his Pennsylvania rally?
Will Donald Trump say "MAGA" 4 or more times during his Pennsylvania rally?
Will Donald Trump say "Mark Robinson" during his Pennsylvania rally?
Will Donald Trump say "Melania" during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "Milady" during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "Moon" during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "Pump" during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "RFK" or "Robert Kennedy" during his Pennsylvania rally?
Will Donald Trump say "Ripple" during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "Rug Pull" during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "Russia" during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "Solana" during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "TikTok" during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "Ulbricht" during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "tampon" during his Pennsylvania rally?
Will Jerome Powell say "Trump" during December FOMC Press Conference?
Will Jerome Powell say "growth" 10 or more times during December FOMC Press Conference?
Will Jerome Powell say "tariff" 5 or more times during December FOMC Press Conference?
Will Kamala Harris say "Antisemitism" during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "Context" during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "Inflation" 3 or more times during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "Inflation" during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "Jew" during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "Joy" during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "McDonald's" during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "Monkeypox" during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "Obama" during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "Unburdened" during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "Weird" or "Weirdo" during DNC speech?
Will Kamala say "DEI" at debate?
Will Kamala say "I'm speaking" at debate?
Will Kamala say "McDonald's" at debate?
Will Kamala say "border" 5 or more times at debate?
Will Kamala say "convicted felon" at debate?
Will Kamala say "crypto" or "Bitcoin" at debate?
Will Kamala say "liar" at debate?
Will Kamala say "unrealized" at debate?
Will Kamala say "wall" at debate?
Will Kamala say "weird" or "weirdo" at debate?
Will Melania say "AI Companies" during AI talk on Friday?
Will Melania say "Administration" during AI talk on Friday?
Will Melania say "Barron" during AI talk on Friday?
Will Melania say "Be Best" during AI talk on Friday?
Will Melania say "Career" during AI talk on Friday?
Will Melania say "Challenge" during AI talk on Friday?
Will Melania say "ChatGPT" during AI talk on Friday?
Will Melania say "Child" during AI talk on Friday?
Will Melania say "Congress" during AI talk on Friday?
Will Melania say "Development" during AI talk on Friday?
Will Melania say "Family" during AI talk on Friday?
Will Melania say "Foster" during AI talk on Friday?
Will Melania say "Future" during AI talk on Friday?
Will Melania say "Grok" during AI talk on Friday?
Will Melania say "President Trump" during AI talk on Friday?
Will Melania say "Star" during AI talk on Friday?
Will Melania say "Talent" during AI talk on Friday?
Will Melania say "Ukraine" during AI talk on Friday?
Will Netflix say "Hollywood" during earnings call?
Will Netflix say "Price Change" or "Price Point" during earnings call?
Will Netflix say "Profitable" during earnings call?
Will Netflix say "Subscriber" during earnings call?
Will Powell say "Anchored" 3+ times during September press conference?
Will Powell say "China" during June Press Conference?
Will Powell say "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" during June Press Conference?
Will Powell say "Downbeat" during June Press Conference?
Will Powell say "Downbeat" during September press conference?
Will Powell say "Inflation" 50+ times during June Press Conference?
Will Powell say "Inflation" 60+ times during June Press Conference?
Will Powell say "Inflation" 60+ times during September press conference?
Will Powell say "Judge" during June Press Conference?
Will Powell say "Obvious" during June Press Conference?
Will Powell say "Recession" during June Press Conference?
Will Powell say "Recession" during September press conference?
Will Powell say "Tariff" 15+ times during September press conference?
Will Powell say "Trump" during September press conference?
Will President Biden say “Trump” or "predecessor" during his September 9 speech + Q&A?
Will Robinhood say "Silver" during earnings call?
Will Tim Walz say "Coach" during CNN interview?
Will Tim Walz say "Debate" during CNN interview?
Will Tim Walz say "Gutter" during CNN interview?
Will Tim Walz say "J.D." or "Vance" during CNN interview?
Will Tim Walz say "Tampon" during CNN interview?
Will Tim Walz say "crypto" or "Bitcoin"  during CNN interview?
Will Tim Walz say "disorder" during CNN interview?
Will Tim Walz say "free speech" during CNN interview?
Will Trump and Elon say "AI" or "Artificial Intelligence" during their Feb 18 interview?
Will Trump and Elon say "Billion" 10 or more times during their Feb 18 interview?
Will Trump and Elon say "China" 10 or more times during their Feb 18 interview?
Will Trump and Elon say "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" during their Feb 18 interview?
Will Trump and Elon say "FEMA" during their Feb 18 interview?
Will Trump and Elon say "NATO" during their Feb 18 interview?
Will Trump and Elon say "October 7" during their Feb 18 interview?
Will Trump and Elon say "Paper Straw" during their Feb 18 interview?
Will Trump and Elon say "Saudi Arabia" during their Feb 18 interview?
Will Trump and Elon say "TikTok" during their Feb 18 interview?
Will Trump and Elon say "fentanyl" during their Feb 18 interview?
Will Trump and Elon say "woke" during their Feb 18 interview?
Will Trump post "Beautiful" on final night of DNC?
Will Trump post "Bitcoin" or "BTC" on final night of DNC?
Will Trump post "Black" on final night of DNC?
Will Trump post "Communist" on final night of DNC?
Will Trump post "Comrade Kamala" 3 or more times on final night of DNC?
Will Trump post "Crypto" on final night of DNC?
Will Trump post "Sleepy Joe" on final night of DNC?
Will Trump post "Tax" on final night of DNC?
Will Trump post "Unrealized gains" on final night of DNC?
Will Trump say "50 border states" during his Nevada rally?
Will Trump say "AI" or "Artificial Intelligence" during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "Abortion" 10 or more times during all female town hall?
Will Trump say "Abortion" 5 or more times during all female town hall?
Will Trump say "Amazon" during the Energy and Innovation Summit on July 15?
Will Trump say "America" five or more times in his speech after the election is called?
Will Trump say "Anarchist" this week? (February 8)
Will Trump say "Anarchist" this week? (September 29 - October 5)
Will Trump say "Antifa" in February?
Will Trump say "Atomic Energy Commission" in February?
Will Trump say "Autopen" or "Auto Pen" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Barack Hussein Obama" during Arizona rally on October 13?
Will Trump say "Barack Hussein Obama" during Colorado rally on October 11?
Will Trump say "Barack Hussein Obama" during Georgia rally on October 23?
Will Trump say "Biden" 10+ times during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Biden" during Panthers visit?
Will Trump say "Biden's War" this week? (February 8)
Will Trump say "Bitcoin" 5+ times during the X space?
Will Trump say "Bitcoin" at his press conference?
Will Trump say "Bitcoin" during Elon interview?
Will Trump say "Bitcoin" in February?
Will Trump say "Bitcoin" or "BTC" at his rally?
Will Trump say "Bitcoin" or "Crypto" during events with UK Prime Minister on September 18?
Will Trump say "Black women" during all female town hall?
Will Trump say "Black" or "Hispanic" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Blowout" during Panthers visit?
Will Trump say "Border Kari Lake" during Arizona rally on October 13?
Will Trump say "Border" 10 or more times during the X space?
Will Trump say "Border" 30 or more times during Georgia rally on October 23?
Will Trump say "Border" 5+ times during events with UK Prime Minister on September 18?
Will Trump say "Capital of the World" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Ceasefire" during events with UK Prime Minister on September 18?
Will Trump say "Censor" or "Censorship" during Elon interview?
Will Trump say "China" 10 or more times during Colorado rally on October 11?
Will Trump say "China" 10 or more times during Georgia rally on October 23?
Will Trump say "China" 5+ times during events with UK Prime Minister on September 18?
Will Trump say "China" or "Russia" 7+ times during CNBC interview?
Will Trump say "Chip" or "Ship" during events with UK Prime Minister on September 18?
Will Trump say "Civil war" during Elon interview?
Will Trump say "Coal" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Comrade Kamala" at debate?
Will Trump say "Comrade Kamala" during the X space?
Will Trump say "Cookie" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Couch" at his press conference?
Will Trump say "Couch" at his rally?
Will Trump say "Crypto" at his press conference?
Will Trump say "Crypto" at his rally?
Will Trump say "Crypto" during Elon interview?
Will Trump say "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" during Panthers visit?
Will Trump say "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" during the Energy and Innovation Summit on July 15?
Will Trump say "DJT" during the X space?
Will Trump say "Daddy" in February?
Will Trump say "Dark MAGA" during Arizona rally on October 13?
Will Trump say "Deadlock" in February?
Will Trump say "Deal" 25+ times during events with UK Prime Minister on September 18?
Will Trump say "Death penalty" this week? (September 29 - October 5)
Will Trump say "Doge" during the X space?
Will Trump say "Ear" 3 or more times at his rally?
Will Trump say "Eli Lilly" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Elon Musk" at debate?
Will Trump say "Elon Musk" at his rally?
Will Trump say "Elon Musk" during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "Elon" during the Energy and Innovation Summit on July 15?
Will Trump say "Epstein" at debate?
Will Trump say "Epstein" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Fake News" during Panthers visit?
Will Trump say "Fake News" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Frack" or "Fracking" during the Energy and Innovation Summit on July 15?
Will Trump say "Friend of mine" during Panthers visit?
Will Trump say "Gag" at his rally?
Will Trump say "Gaza Strip" during events with UK Prime Minister on September 18?
Will Trump say "God" in his speech after the election is called?
Will Trump say "Gold Card" or "Trump card" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Good Genetics" during Panthers visit?
Will Trump say "Green Day" or "Bad Bunny" this week? (February 8)
Will Trump say "Haitian" 5+ times during his Nevada rally?
Will Trump say "Haitian" at debate?
Will Trump say "Hall of Fame" during Panthers visit?
Will Trump say "Hell" during events with UK Prime Minister on September 18?
Will Trump say "Hellhole" this week? (February 8)
Will Trump say "Hottest" during events with UK Prime Minister on September 18?
Will Trump say "House" or "Housing" during CNBC interview?
Will Trump say "IQ" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Illegal Immigration" 3 or more times at his rally?
Will Trump say "Illegal" in his speech after the election is called?
Will Trump say "Israel" or "Gaza" 7+ times during events with UK Prime Minister on September 18?
Will Trump say "JD" or "Vance" during all female town hall?
Will Trump say "January 6" during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "Job" 20+ times during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Kamala" 20 or more times during all female town hall?
Will Trump say "Kamala" 30 or more times during Colorado rally on October 11?
Will Trump say "Kamala" during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "Kamala" in his speech after the election is called?
Will Trump say "Kamala" or "Harris" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Kamikaze" in February?
Will Trump say "Kennedy" or "Autism" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Knucklehead" or "Numskull" or "Numbskull" in February?
Will Trump say "Laken Riley" during all female town hall?
Will Trump say "Lisp" at his press conference?
Will Trump say "Loomer" during his Nevada rally?
Will Trump say "Loomer" during the X space?
Will Trump say "MAGA" 4 or more times during Arizona rally on October 13?
Will Trump say "MAGA" 4 or more times during his Nevada rally?
Will Trump say "MAGA" 4 or more times during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "MAGA" or "Make America Great Again" 5 or more times at his rally?
Will Trump say "MAGA" or "Make America Great Again" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Maduro" or "Dictator" during CNBC interview?
Will Trump say "Mail-in" in his speech after the election is called?
Will Trump say "Major Non-NATO Ally" in February?
Will Trump say "Mars" during Elon interview?
Will Trump say "McDonald's" at debate?
Will Trump say "McDonald's" during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "Melania" during all female town hall?
Will Trump say "Microcosm" in February?
Will Trump say "Middle East" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Migrant Crime" in February?
Will Trump say "Milady" during the X space?
Will Trump say "Million" or "Billion" or "Trillion" 10+ times during CNBC interview?
Will Trump say "Mortgage" during CNBC interview?
Will Trump say "Mr. Speaker" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "N-Word" in February?
Will Trump say "Nayib Bukele" during Arizona rally on October 13?
Will Trump say "Nicki" or "Nikki" or "Rapper" this week? (February 8)
Will Trump say "North Carolina" 3 or more times during Colorado rally on October 11?
Will Trump say "Nutjob" in February?
Will Trump say "Nvidia" during the Energy and Innovation Summit on July 15?
Will Trump say "Oblivion" in February?
Will Trump say "Oil" 5+ times during CNBC interview?
Will Trump say "Olympic" during Panthers visit?
Will Trump say "Peanut" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Peanut" this week? (September 29 - October 5)
Will Trump say "Penguin" in February?
Will Trump say "Picture" during Panthers visit?
Will Trump say "Pipeline" during the Energy and Innovation Summit on July 15?
Will Trump say "President Xi" during CNBC interview?
Will Trump say "Rare Earth" during the Energy and Innovation Summit on July 15?
Will Trump say "Reagan" during Colorado rally on October 11?
Will Trump say "Rematch" during Panthers visit?
Will Trump say "Reserve" during the X space?
Will Trump say "Retardio" during the X space?
Will Trump say "Rig" or "Rigged" in his speech after the election is called?
Will Trump say "Roe" or "Wade" during all female town hall?
Will Trump say "Rogan" during Georgia rally on October 23?
Will Trump say "Routh" during the X space?
Will Trump say "Rug" or "Rugged" during the X space?
Will Trump say "Secret Service" at his rally?
Will Trump say "Six Seven" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Skedaddle" in February?
Will Trump say "Sleepy Joe" or "Crooked Joe" 4 or more times during Arizona rally on October 13?
Will Trump say "Sleepy Joe" or "Crooked Joe" 5 or more times during Colorado rally on October 11?
Will Trump say "Slopadopoulos" during his Nevada rally?
Will Trump say "Slopadopoulos" during the X space?
Will Trump say "Solana" during the X space?
Will Trump say "Stagflation" this week? (February 8)
Will Trump say "Stargate" during the Energy and Innovation Summit on July 15?
Will Trump say "Statuary marble" in February?
Will Trump say "Steal", "Stealing", "Stole", or "Stolen" in his speech after the election is called?
Will Trump say "Steroid" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Supreme Court" during CNBC interview?
Will Trump say "Tampon" during all female town hall? 
Will Trump say "Tariff King" in February?
Will Trump say "Tariff" 7+ times during CNBC interview?
Will Trump say "Taylor Swift" during all female town hall?
Will Trump say "Tesla" during Elon interview?
Will Trump say "The State of the Union is strong" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "TikTok" during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "TikTok" this week? (February 8)
Will Trump say "Too Late" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Trans" during Elon interview?
Will Trump say "Twitter" during the X space?
Will Trump say "UFC" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Unaffordable Care Act" during CNBC interview?
Will Trump say "Venezuela" 3 or more times during Arizona rally on October 13?
Will Trump say "Victory" three or more times in his speech after the election is called?
Will Trump say "Weird" during Elon interview?
Will Trump say "Women love me" during all female town hall?
Will Trump say "Women's sports" during all female town hall?
Will Trump say "Women's sports" during events with UK Prime Minister on September 18?
Will Trump say "alien" 5 or more times at debate?
Will Trump say "border" 15 or more times at debate?
Will Trump say "border" 5 or more times during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "carnage" during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "cat" during his Nevada rally?
Will Trump say "ceasefire" during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "cheat" during Georgia rally on October 23?
Will Trump say "crypto" or "Bitcoin" at debate?
Will Trump say "crypto" or "Bitcoin" during Colorado rally on October 11?
Will Trump say "crypto" or "Bitcoin" during Georgia rally on October 23?
Will Trump say "crypto" or "Bitcoin" during his Nevada rally?
Will Trump say "crypto" or "Bitcoin" during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "crypto" or "Bitcoin" in his speech after the election is called?
Will Trump say "death tax" during Colorado rally on October 11?
Will Trump say "dog" during his Nevada rally?
Will Trump say "doge" or "Dogecoin" during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "drill baby drill" at debate?
Will Trump say "every state is a border state" during Arizona rally on October 13?
Will Trump say "execute" or "execution" during all female town hall?
Will Trump say "fake news" at debate?
Will Trump say "fracking" 3 or more times during Colorado rally on October 11?
Will Trump say "gun" 5 or more times during Georgia rally on October 23?
Will Trump say "hell" during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "hispanic" during Arizona rally on October 13?
Will Trump say "hurricane" 3 or more times during Colorado rally on October 11?
Will Trump say "illegal immigrant" or "illegal immigration" during his inauguration speech?  
Will Trump say "memecoin" during the X space?
Will Trump say "middle class" during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "million" 15 or more times during Arizona rally on October 13?
Will Trump say "missile defense shield" during Colorado rally on October 11?
Will Trump say "ninth month" during all female town hall?
Will Trump say "parental rights" during all female town hall?
Will Trump say "rig" or "rigged" during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "salt" or "SALT" during Arizona rally on October 13?
Will Trump say "tampon" at debate?
Will Trump say "tampon" during Arizona rally on October 13?
Will Trump say "tampon" during Georgia rally on October 23?
Will Trump say "tax" 30 or more times during Arizona rally on October 13?
Will Trump say "tax" 30 or more times during Colorado rally on October 11?
Will Trump say "too big to rig" during Colorado rally on October 11?
Will Trump say "trans" during Colorado rally on October 11?
Will Trump say "trans" during his inauguration speech?
Will anyone say "AI" or "Artificial Intelligence" during 1st NYC mayoral debate on October 16?
Will anyone say "AI" or "Artificial Intelligence" during the FED board meeting on October 24?
Will anyone say "AI" or "Artificial Intelligence" in the RNC primary debate on August 23?
Will anyone say "Activision" during the Q4 2025 Microsoft earnings call?
Will anyone say "Advertisement" during the Q2 2025 Netflix earnings call?
Will anyone say "Affordability" or "Affordable" 20+ times during 1st NYC mayoral debate on October 16?
Will anyone say "Alien" in the RNC primary debate on August 23?
Will anyone say "Anime" during the Q2 2025 Netflix earnings call?
Will anyone say "Antitrust" during the Q2 2025 Google earnings call?
Will anyone say "Antitrust" during the Q2 2025 Meta earnings call?
Will anyone say "Bank" 50+ times during the FED board meeting on October 24?
Will anyone say "Bank" 65+ times during the FED board meeting on October 24?
Will anyone say "Beige Book" during the FED board meeting on October 24?
Will anyone say "Bitcoin" in the 2nd RNC primary debate?
Will anyone say "Bitcoin" in the RNC primary debate on August 23?
Will anyone say "Bitcoin" or "Crypto" during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "Broncos" during South Park's prediction market episode?
Will anyone say "Browser" during the OpenAI livestream on August 7?
Will anyone say "Canada" during the Q2 2025 Netflix earnings call?
Will anyone say "Cat" or "PETA" during 1st NYC mayoral debate on October 16?
Will anyone say "Cat" or "PETA" during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "Charlie" or "Kirk" during 1st NYC mayoral debate on October 16?
Will anyone say "Charlie" or "Kirk" during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "Charlie" or "Kirk" during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "China" during the OpenAI livestream on August 7?
Will anyone say "Clinton" in the RNC primary debate on August 23?
Will anyone say "Covid-19" or "Pandemic" during the FED board meeting on October 24?
Will anyone say "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" during South Park's prediction market episode?
Will anyone say "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" during the FED board meeting on October 24?
Will anyone say "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" during the OpenAI livestream on August 7?
Will anyone say "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" during the Q2 2025 Netflix earnings call?
Will anyone say "Crypto" or "DOGE" during 1st NYC mayoral debate on October 16?
Will anyone say "Crypto" or "DOGE" during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "Cuck" or "Cuckold" during South Park's prediction market episode?
Will anyone say "Cybersecurity" during the Q4 2025 Microsoft earnings call?
Will anyone say "Dead City" during the Q2 2025 AMC earnings call?
Will anyone say "DeepMind" during the Q2 2025 Google earnings call?
Will anyone say "Dildo" during South Park's prediction market episode?
Will anyone say "Donald" or "Trump" 3+ times during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "Downgrade" during the Q2 2025 Netflix earnings call?
Will anyone say "Economic Cycle" during the FED board meeting on October 24?
Will anyone say "Family Link" during the Q2 2025 Google earnings call?
Will anyone say "Fed" during South Park's prediction market episode?
Will anyone say "Fentanyl" during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "GPT" in the 2nd RNC primary debate?
Will anyone say "Gemini" during the OpenAI livestream on August 7?
Will anyone say "Genocide" during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "George Santos" in the 4th RNC primary debate?
Will anyone say "Gold" during the FED board meeting on October 24?
Will anyone say "Good Afternoon" during the FED board meeting on October 24?
Will anyone say "Grocery" during the Q2 2025 Amazon earnings call?
Will anyone say "Hell" 3+ times during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "ICE" during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "ICE" during South Park's prediction market episode?
Will anyone say "Immigrant" 8+ times during 1st NYC mayoral debate on October 16?
Will anyone say "Immigrant" or "Migrant" 10+ times during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "Inflation" during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "Interview" during the Q2 2025 AMC earnings call?
Will anyone say "It's a good model" during the OpenAI livestream on August 7?
Will anyone say "JPMorgan" or "Bank of America" during the FED board meeting on October 24?
Will anyone say "Jew" 5+ times during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "Jew" or "Muslim" or "Christian" 30+ times during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?-P817
Will anyone say "Killed Kenny" during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "Killed Kenny" during South Park's prediction market episode?
Will anyone say "Kristi" or "Noem" during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "LGBTQ" or "Transgender" during 1st NYC mayoral debate on October 16?
Will anyone say "LGBTQ" or "Transgender" during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "Labubu" during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "M3" during the Q3 2025 Apple earnings call?
Will anyone say "Maverick" during the Q2 2025 Meta earnings call?
Will anyone say "Million", "Billion", or "Trillion" 10+ times during the FED board meeting on October 24?
Will anyone say "Million", "Billion", or "Trillion" 15+ times during the Q2 2025 Netflix earnings call?
Will anyone say "Money" during the FED board meeting on October 24?
Will anyone say "Movie" 7+ times during the Q2 2025 Netflix earnings call?
Will anyone say "National Guard" 5+ times during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "Netanyahu" during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "Netflix" 30+ times during the Q2 2025 Netflix earnings call?
Will anyone say "Nobel" or "Peace Prize" during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "Oligarchy" or "Wall Street" during 1st NYC mayoral debate on October 16?
Will anyone say "Oligarchy" or "Wall Street" during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "Open Source" during the OpenAI livestream on August 7?
Will anyone say "Palestine" during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "Pardon me" or "Sorry" during the FED board meeting on October 24?
Will anyone say "Partnership" during the Q2 2025 AMC earnings call?
Will anyone say "Percent" 15+ times during the FED board meeting on October 24?
Will anyone say "Poly" or "Poly-" 5+ times during South Park's prediction market episode?
Will anyone say "Polymarket" during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "Predict" or "Prediction" 10+ times during South Park's prediction market episode?
Will anyone say "President" or "Trump" 25+ times during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "Privacy" during the Q2 2025 Google earnings call?
Will anyone say "Public transport" 3+ times during 1st NYC mayoral debate on October 16?
Will anyone say "Public transport" 3+ times during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "Recession" during the Q2 2025 Netflix earnings call?
Will anyone say "Rent Control" or "Rent Controlled" during 1st NYC mayoral debate on October 16?
Will anyone say "Rent Control" or "Rent Controlled" during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "Roadmap" during the OpenAI livestream on August 7?
Will anyone say "Rugged" during South Park's prediction market episode?
Will anyone say "Russia" during the Q2 2025 Netflix earnings call?
Will anyone say "Sanctuary city" or "Hottest city" during 1st NYC mayoral debate on October 16?
Will anyone say "Sanctuary city" or "Hottest city" during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "Scam" during South Park's prediction market episode?
Will anyone say "Scout" during the Q2 2025 Meta earnings call?
Will anyone say "Seasonality" during the Q2 2025 AMC earnings call?
Will anyone say "Shutdown" during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "Stargate" during the Q4 2025 Microsoft earnings call?
Will anyone say "Stress event" during the FED board meeting on October 24?
Will anyone say "Supply Chain" during the Q2 2025 Amazon earnings call?
Will anyone say "Tariff" 5+ times during 1st NYC mayoral debate on October 16?
Will anyone say "Tariff" 5+ times during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "Tariff" during the Q2 2025 Netflix earnings call?
Will anyone say "Taylor" or "Swift" during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "Tegrity" or "Techrity" during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "Theater attendance" during the Q2 2025 AMC earnings call?
Will anyone say "Third-Party Sellers" during the Q2 2025 Amazon earnings call?
Will anyone say "TikTok" during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "Trade" 3+ times during South Park's prediction market episode?
Will anyone say "Trump" 3+ times during South Park's prediction market episode?
Will anyone say "Trump" during the FED board meeting on October 24?
Will anyone say "Trump" during the OpenAI livestream on August 7?
Will anyone say "Tylenol" during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "Tylenol" during South Park's prediction market episode?
Will anyone say "War Crime" or "War Criminal" during 1st NYC mayoral debate on October 16?
Will anyone say "War Crime" or "War Criminal" during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "Wiz" during the Q2 2025 Google earnings call?
Will anyone say "Zelenskyy" or "Suit" during South Park's prediction market episode?
Will anyone say "alien" in the 2nd RNC primary debate?
Will anyone say "woke" in the 2nd RNC primary debate?
