Elon Musk post "retardio" in April?
Phantom post "retardio" in April?
Will "1667 feet" be said during the Taipei 101 climb?
Will "5.2" or "GPT-5.2" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "508 meters" be said during the Taipei 101 climb?
Will "AI" be said during the Robinhood stream?
Will "AI" or "Artificial Intelligence" be said at the 83rd Golden Globes?
Will "AI" or "Artificial Intelligence" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 1)
Will "AI" or "Artificial Intelligence" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 8)
Will "AI" or "Artificial Intelligence" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 25)
Will "AOC" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "AOC" be said during the next episode of the All-In podcast?
Will "AOC" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 1)
Will "Acceptance Speech" be said at the 83rd Golden Globes?
Will "Adam" or "Eve" be said during the next episode of the All-In podcast?
Will "Addiction" or "Drug" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 1)
Will "Alien" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 8)
Will "Alien" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 18)
Will "Alien" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 25)
Will "Alien" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 8)
Will "Alpha" or "Beta" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 1)
Will "Alpha" or "Beta" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 8)
Will "Amen" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 1)
Will "America" or "American" be said 10+ times on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 1)
Will "Ann Michael Maye" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Apple Intelligence" be said 5+ times during the NYC Apple event on March 4?
Will "Apple Music" be said during the NYC Apple event on March 4?
Will "Apple TV" be said during the NYC Apple event on March 4?
Will "Apple Watch" be said during the NYC Apple event on March 4?
Will "Apple" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Argentina" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Argentina" be said during the next episode of the All-In podcast?
Will "Ass" be said 3+ times on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 1)
Will "Assault" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Audit" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "BRICS" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Baby" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Bakemas" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Bernie" or "Sanders" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 1)
Will "Biden" be said by every candidate in the 2nd RNC primary debate?
Will "Biden" be said by every candidate in the 3rd RNC primary debate?
Will "Biden" be said by every candidate in the 4th RNC primary debate?
Will "Biden" be said by every candidate in the RNC primary debate on August 23?
Will "Biden" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 8)
Will "Biden" or "Kamala" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 15)
Will "Biden" or "Kamala" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Biden" or "Kamala" be said during the next episode of the All-In podcast?
Will "Bill" or "Clinton" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Bitcoin / Crypto" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Black and White" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 1)
Will "Blowout" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Bubble" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Bubble" be said on the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "California" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "CarPlay" be said during the NYC Apple event on March 4?
Will "Censorship" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Chimp" or "Ape" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 1)
Will "Chimp" or "Ape" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 8)
Will "China" be said 15 or more times in the 2nd RNC primary debate?
Will "China" be said 3+ times during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "China" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Christmas Party" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Clout" be said on the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Cocaine" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (February 22)
Will "Code Red" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Coffee" or "Tea" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Coffee" or "Tea" be said during the next episode of the All-In podcast?
Will "Comeback" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Communist" or "Mamdani be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Concussion" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Congress" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (February 22)
Will "Conspiracy" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 8)
Will "Conspiracy" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 18)
Will "Conspiracy" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 8)
Will "Crazy" be said 15+ times during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 25)
Will "Criminal" or "Criminalize" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 1)
Will "Crimp" be said during the Taipei 101 climb?
Will "Crypto" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Crypto" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Crypto" be said during the next episode of the All-In podcast?
Will "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" be said during the Robinhood stream?
Will "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 1)
Will "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 15)
Will "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 8)
Will "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 25)
Will "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 8)
Will "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" be said on the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "DHS" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (February 22)
Will "DOJ" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 15)
Will "Data Center" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Data Center" be said during the next episode of the All-In podcast?
Will "Davos" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Death Wish" be said during the Taipei 101 climb?
Will "DeepSeek" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Deepfake" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 8)
Will "Deepfake" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 25)
Will "Democracy" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Democracy" be said during the next episode of the All-In podcast?
Will "Democrat" be said 10+ times during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 25)
Will "Denmark" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Die" be said 5+ times during the Taipei 101 climb?
Will "Diet" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 8)
Will "Diet" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 18)
Will "Disgraceful" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Disgraziad" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Disgraziad" be said during the next episode of the All-In podcast?
Will "Donald" or "Trump" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 1)
Will "Dow Jones" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (February 22)
Will "Drake Maye Lover" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Dream" be said during the World Cup Draw on December 5?
Will "Drink" or "Drunk" be said at the 83rd Golden Globes?
Will "Drone" be said during the Taipei 101 climb?
Will "Drug" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 18)
Will "Drugs" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 15)
Will "Dude" be said 10+ times on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 1)
Will "Dude" be said 10+ times on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 8)
Will "Dude" be said 5+ times during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 15)
Will "Dumb" or "Kamala" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Dystopian" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "El Capitan" be said 2+ times during the Taipei 101 climb?
Will "Elizabeth" or "Warren" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Elizabeth" or "Warren" be said during the next episode of the All-In podcast?
Will "Elk" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 8)
Will "Elk" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 18)
Will "Elon" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Elon" or "Musk" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 8)
Will "Elon" or "Musk" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 18)
Will "Elon" or "Musk" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 25)
Will "Elon" or "Musk" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Emerald City Route Artist" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Engineering" be said during the NYC Apple event on March 4?
Will "Epstein" be said at the 83rd Golden Globes?
Will "Epstein" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 15)
Will "Epstein" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 8)
Will "Epstein" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 18)
Will "Epstein" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 25)
Will "Epstein" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Epstein" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (February 22)
Will "Epstein" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 8)
Will "Epstein" or "Island" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Epstein" or "Island" be said during the next episode of the All-In podcast?
Will "Eric Adams" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Explode" or "Explosion" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Fentanyl" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (February 22)
Will "Flushed out" or "Flush out" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Football" be said 20+ times during the World Cup Draw on December 5?
Will "Footballer" be said during the World Cup Draw on December 5?
Will "Foundational Shift" be said on the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Fraud" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 15)
Will "Free Solo" be said 5+ times during the Taipei 101 climb?
Will "Fuck" or "Fucking" be said 10+ times during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 15)
Will "Fuck" or "Fucking" be said 20+ times on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (February 22)
Will "Gavin" or "Newsom" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Gemini" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Genesis" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Gestapo" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 1)
Will "Goal" be said 5+ times during the World Cup Draw on December 5?
Will "Gobble Gobble" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "God" be said at the 83rd Golden Globes?
Will "Gold" or "Silver" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 8)
Will "Good" be said 20+ times on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 1)
Will "Google" be said during the NYC Apple event on March 4?
Will "Google" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Google" or "Deepmind" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Grammy" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 15)
Will "Greenland" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 1)
Will "Greenland" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 25)
Will "Greenland" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Greenland" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 8)
Will "Groq" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Hamas" be said 10 or more times in the 4th RNC primary debate?
Will "Hamas" be said 15 or more times in the 3rd RNC primary debate?
Will "Healthcare" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 15)
Will "Hedge" or "Hedging" be said during the Robinhood stream?
Will "Hillary" or "Clinton" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 1)
Will "Hockey" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 8)
Will "Hollywood" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 15)
Will "Honnold Foundation" be said during the Taipei 101 climb?
Will "ICE" or "Border Patrol" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Iconic trophy" be said during the World Cup Draw on December 5?
Will "Idiot" or "Dumb" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Idiot" or "Dumb" be said during the next episode of the All-In podcast?
Will "Impossible" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 8)
Will "Independence" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Inflation" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 18)
Will "Intellectually Honest" be said on the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Interest Rate" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Interest Rate" be said during the next episode of the All-In podcast?
Will "Interesting" be said 5+ times on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (February 22)
Will "Iran" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Iran" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 8)
Will "Island" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 8)
Will "Israel" be said 10 or more times in the 4th RNC primary debate?
Will "Israel" be said 15 or more times in the 3rd RNC primary debate?
Will "Israel" be said 20 or more times in the 4th RNC primary debate?
Will "Israel" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Italy" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Jackass" or "Moron" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 8)
Will "Jamie" be said 3+ times during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 15)
Will "Jamie" be said 3+ times on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 8)
Will "Jamie" be said 4+ times during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 25)
Will "Jamie" be said 5+ times during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 18)
Will "Jamie" be said 5+ times on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (February 22)
Will "Jamie" be said 5+ times on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 8)
Will "Jamie" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 1)
Will "Jamie" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 8)
Will "Jensen" or "Huang" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Jesus" be said at the 83rd Golden Globes?
Will "Joe" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 1)
Will "Joe" or "Rogan" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Jump ball" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Kalshi" be said during the Robinhood stream?
Will "Kamala" be said at the 83rd Golden Globes?
Will "Kiss" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 1)
Will "Knee injury" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Legendary" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Low IQ" or "Crockett be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Lucid" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 8)
Will "M5" be said during the NYC Apple event on March 4?
Will "MAGA" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Macbook" be said 10+ times during the NYC Apple event on March 4?
Will "Maduro" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 18)
Will "Maduro" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Mahomes" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "McDonald's" be said during the World Cup Draw on December 5?
Will "Megapixel" be said during the NYC Apple event on March 4?
Will "Mention" be said at the 83rd Golden Globes?
Will "Methylene Blue" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 1)
Will "Michael" or "Burry" be said on the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Microsoft" be said during the NYC Apple event on March 4?
Will "Microsoft" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Middle-school Math" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Million" or "Billion" be said 10+ times during the World Cup Draw on December 5?
Will "Minnesota" be said at the 83rd Golden Globes?
Will "Monad" be said on the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Moon" or "Mars" be said during the next episode of the All-In podcast?
Will "Most Advanced" or "Most Powerful" be said during the NYC Apple event on March 4?
Will "Motherfucker" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 1)
Will "Motherfucker" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 8)
Will "NFT" be said during the Robinhood stream?
Will "National Geographic" be said during the Taipei 101 climb?
Will "New York" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "No Rope" be said during the Taipei 101 climb?
Will "Now here's a guy" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Nuclear" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 8)
Will "Nuclear" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Nuclear" be said during the next episode of the All-In podcast?
Will "Nvidia" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Nvidia" be said on the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Obama" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 1)
Will "Oil" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 18)
Will "Oil" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Olympic" or "Olympics" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 15)
Will "Olympic" or "Olympics" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (February 22)
Will "Olympic" or "Olympics" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 8)
Will "Olympics" be said during the World Cup Draw on December 5?
Will "Olympics" or "Olympic" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Oscar" or "Oscars" or "Academy Award" be said during the Taipei 101 climb?
Will "Ozempic" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 1)
Will "Ozempic" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 25)
Will "Palantir" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Pam" or "Bondi" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 15)
Will "Pam" or "Bondi" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (February 22)
Will "Peace" be said during the World Cup Draw on December 5?
Will "Peace" or "War" be said 3+ times on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 1)
Will "People" be said 100+ times during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 15)
Will "People" be said 100+ times during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 25)
Will "People" be said 100+ times on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (February 22)
Will "People" be said 70+ times on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 8)
Will "Performance" be said during the NYC Apple event on March 4?
Will "Pete" or "Hegseth" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Polymarket" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Polymarket" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 1)
Will "Polymarket" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Predict" or "Prediction" be said 5+ times during the Robinhood stream?
Will "President" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "President" or "Administration" be said 3+ times on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 1)
Will "Prime Minister" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 1)
Will "Protest" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 15)
Will "Protest" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 25)
Will "Putin" be said by every candidate in the 4th RNC primary debate?
Will "Quagmire" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Quizzical" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Radical" or "AOC" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Ranch" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 25)
Will "Really" be said 10+ times on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (February 22)
Will "Recession" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 18)
Will "Recession" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Record" be said during the World Cup Draw on December 5?
Will "Rock" be said during the Taipei 101 climb?
Will "Ronaldo" be said during the World Cup Draw on December 5?
Will "Sanders" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Santa" or "Elf" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Santa" or "Elf" be said during the next episode of the All-In podcast?
Will "Sauna" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 18)
Will "Scott" or "Bessent" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Scott" or "Bessent" be said during the next episode of the All-In podcast?
Will "Shah" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Shahed" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Shooting" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (February 22)
Will "Shutdown" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 15)
Will "Shutdown" or "Shut Down" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (February 22)
Will "Siri" be said 5+ times during the NYC Apple event on March 4?
Will "Six Seven" be said at the 83rd Golden Globes?
Will "Ski" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Space" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 18)
Will "SpaceX" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Spanish" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Sporting Event" be said during the World Cup Draw on December 5?
Will "Stabilization" be said during the NYC Apple event on March 4?
Will "State of the Union" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 8)
Will "Steve" or "Witkoff" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Student Debt" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Style" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Super Bowl" or "Big Game" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (February 22)
Will "Supreme Court" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Switzerland" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Tallest Building" be said during the Taipei 101 climb?
Will "Tariff" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Tech" or "Bro" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Tequila" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Tequila" be said during the next episode of the All-In podcast?
Will "Terrorist" or "Terrorism" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (February 22)
Will "Tesla" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Testosterone" or "TRT" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 25)
Will "Too late" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Touchback" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Trade" be said 5+ times during the Robinhood stream?
Will "Trump" be said 3+ times during the World Cup Draw on December 5?
Will "Trump" be said 3+ times during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 18)
Will "Trump" be said 3+ times during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Trump" be said at the 83rd Golden Globes?
Will "Trump" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Trump" be said by every candidate in the 2nd RNC primary debate?
Will "Trump" be said by every candidate in the 3rd RNC primary debate?
Will "Trump" be said by every candidate in the 4th RNC primary debate?
Will "Trump" be said by every candidate in the RNC primary debate on August 23?
Will "Trump" be said during the Robinhood stream?
Will "Trump" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 15)
Will "Trump" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 25)
Will "Trump" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Trump" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 8)
Will "Trump" or "Biden" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 1)
Will "Trump" or "Biden" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 8)
Will "Trump" or "MAGA" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (February 22)
Will "Truth" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 1)
Will "UFC" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 8)
Will "UFO" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 25)
Will "UFO" or "Alien" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (March 1)
Will "Uber Investor" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Uber" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Ukraine" be said 10 or more times in the 2nd RNC primary debate?
Will "Ukraine" be said 10 or more times in the 3rd RNC primary debate?
Will "Ukraine" be said 10 or more times in the RNC primary debate on August 23?
Will "Ukraine" be said 8 or more times in the 4th RNC primary debate?
Will "Ultra-wide" be said during the NYC Apple event on March 4?
Will "Unbelievable" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Unconstitutional" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Underdog" be said at the Super Bowl?
Will "Unemployment" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Unemployment" be said during the next episode of the All-In podcast?
Will "United as one" be said during the World Cup Draw on December 5?
Will "VPN" or "Censorship" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Valentine" or "Valentine's" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (February 22)
Will "Valuation" be said on the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Venezuela" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 18)
Will "Venezuela" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Venezuela" or "Maduro" be said at the 83rd Golden Globes?
Will "Vuvuzela" be said during the World Cup Draw on December 5?
Will "War" be said on the first Joe Rogan Experience episode of the week? (February 22)
Will "Weather" or "Rain" or "Wind" be said 3+ times during the Taipei 101 climb?
Will "Weed" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 1)
Will "Weed" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 8)
Will "Weed" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 18)
Will "Weird" or "Weirdo" be said at the 83rd Golden Globes?
Will "White House" or "Ballroom" be said at the 83rd Golden Globes?
Will "Wife" be said during the Taipei 101 climb?
Will "Wild Shit" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 25)
Will "Woke" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 8)
Will "Woke" be said during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (January 18)
Will "World Cup" be said 60+ times during the World Cup Draw on December 5?
Will "Yeah" be said 100+ times during the first episode of the Joe Rogan Experience this week? (February 15)
Will "Zelensky" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "Zelenskyy" be said during the next episode of the All-In Podcast?
Will "abortion" be said 5 or more times in the 2nd RNC primary debate?
Will "ceasefire" be said 5 or more times in the 3rd RNC primary debate?
Will "ceasefire" be said 5 or more times in the 4th RNC primary debate?
Will "iPad" be said during the NYC Apple event on March 4?
Will "inflation" be said 10 or more times in the 2nd RNC primary debate?
Will "terrorist" be said 10 or more times in the 3rd RNC primary debate?
Will "terrorist" be said 10 or more times in the 4th RNC primary debate?
Will Andrew Tate post "retard" tomorrow? 
Will Biden say "AI" or "Artificial Intelligence" during his State of the Union address?
Will Biden say "Bitcoin" during his State of the Union address?
Will Biden say "Ceasefire" during his State of the Union address?
Will Biden say "China/Chinese" three or more times during his State of the Union address?
Will Biden say "Hunter" during his State of the Union address?
Will Biden say "Moon" during his State of the Union address?
Will Biden say "Navalny" during his State of the Union address?
Will Biden say "Putin" during his State of the Union address?
Will Biden say "Trump" during his State of the Union address?
Will Biden say "Ukraine/Ukranian" three or more times during his State of the Union address?
Will Biden say "border" three or more times during his State of the Union address?
Will Biden say "fentanyl" during his State of the Union address?
Will Biden say "folks" four or more times during his State of the Union address?
Will Biden say "recession" in his Tuesday remarks on inflation?
Will Bill Clinton say "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" during his Epstein testimony?
Will Bill Clinton say "Daughter" during his Epstein testimony?
Will Bill Clinton say "Donor" during his Epstein testimony?
Will Bill Clinton say "Dress" during his Epstein testimony?
Will Bill Clinton say "Epstein" or "Island" 10+ times during his Epstein testimony?
Will Bill Clinton say "Fifth" during his Epstein testimony?
Will Bill Clinton say "Hillary" during his Epstein testimony?
Will Bill Clinton say "Israel" during his Epstein testimony?
Will Bill Clinton say "Mar-a-Lago" during his Epstein testimony?
Will Bill Clinton say "Massage" during his Epstein testimony?
Will Bill Clinton say "Monica" or "Lewinsky" during his Epstein testimony?
Will Bill Clinton say "Mossad" during his Epstein testimony?
Will Bill Clinton say "Pam" or "Bondi" during his Epstein testimony?
Will Bill Clinton say "Plane" during his Epstein testimony?
Will Bill Clinton say "President" or "Trump" 3+ times during his Epstein testimony?
Will Bill Clinton say "Prince" during his Epstein testimony?
Will Bill Clinton say "Secretary" during his Epstein testimony?
Will Bill Clinton say "Silence" during his Epstein testimony?
Will Bill Clinton say "Six Seven" during his Epstein testimony?
Will Bill Clinton say "Wedding" during his Epstein testimony?
Will Bill Clinton say "White House" during his Epstein testimony?
Will Donald Trump say "AI" or "Artificial Intelligence" during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "AOC" on Truth Social this week?
Will Donald Trump say "Ballroom" on Truth Social this week?
Will Donald Trump say "Barron" during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "Board of Peace" on Truth Social this week?
Will Donald Trump say "Bubble" on Truth Social this week?
Will Donald Trump say "China" during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "Clown" on Truth Social this week?
Will Donald Trump say "Coin" 5+ times during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "Comrade Kamala" 3 or more times during his Pennsylvania rally?
Will Donald Trump say "Crypto" 10+ times during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "Crypto" 5+ times during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" during his Pennsylvania rally?
Will Donald Trump say "Democrat" on Truth Social this week?
Will Donald Trump say "Dogecoin" during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "ETF" or "Exchange Traded Fund" during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "Energy" during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "Epstein" on Truth Social this week?
Will Donald Trump say "Ethereum" during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "Get out and vote" on Truth Social this week?
Will Donald Trump say "Hack" during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "Haitian" during his Pennsylvania rally?
Will Donald Trump say "Hezbollah" during his Pennsylvania rally?
Will Donald Trump say "Hoax" on Truth Social this week?
Will Donald Trump say "Insurrection Act" on Truth Social this week?
Will Donald Trump say "Iran" on Truth Social this week?
Will Donald Trump say "Israel" during his Pennsylvania rally?
Will Donald Trump say "MAGA" 4 or more times during his Pennsylvania rally?
Will Donald Trump say "MTG" or "Marjorie Taylor Greene" on Truth Social this week?
Will Donald Trump say "Mark Robinson" during his Pennsylvania rally?
Will Donald Trump say "McDonald's" during his Pennsylvania rally?
Will Donald Trump say "Melania" during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "Milady" during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "Million" 10 or more times during his Pennsylvania rally?
Will Donald Trump say "Minneapolis" on Truth Social this week?
Will Donald Trump say "Moon" during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "President DJT" on Truth Social this week?
Will Donald Trump say "Pump" during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "RFK" or "Robert Kennedy" during his Pennsylvania rally?
Will Donald Trump say "Reserve" during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "Rigged Election" on Truth Social this week?
Will Donald Trump say "Ripple" during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "Rug Pull" during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "Russia" during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "SAVE America Act" on Truth Social this week?
Will Donald Trump say "Scale" on Truth Social this week?
Will Donald Trump say "Scam" on Truth Social this week?
Will Donald Trump say "Shutdown" or "Shut Down" on Truth Social this week?
Will Donald Trump say "Solana" during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "State of the Union" on Truth Social this week?
Will Donald Trump say "Thank you for your attention" on Truth Social this week?
Will Donald Trump say "TikTok" during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "Trans" during his Pennsylvania rally?
Will Donald Trump say "Ulbricht" during Crypto Summit on Friday?
Will Donald Trump say "border" 15 or more times during his Pennsylvania rally?
Will Donald Trump say "border" 25 or more times during his Pennsylvania rally?
Will Donald Trump say "credit card" during his Pennsylvania rally?
Will Donald Trump say "sex change" during his Pennsylvania rally?
Will Donald Trump say "tampon" during his Pennsylvania rally?
Will Donald Trump say "terrorist" during his Pennsylvania rally?
Will Hillary say "Bill" or "Clinton" during her Epstein testimony?
Will Hillary say "Daughter" during her Epstein testimony?
Will Hillary say "Donor" during her Epstein testimony?
Will Hillary say "Dress" during her Epstein testimony?
Will Hillary say "FBI" during her Epstein testimony?
Will Hillary say "Island" during her Epstein testimony?
Will Hillary say "Massage" during her Epstein testimony?
Will Hillary say "Monica" or "Lewinsky" during her Epstein testimony?
Will Hillary say "Pam" or "Bondi" during her Epstein testimony?
Will Hillary say "Plane" during her Epstein testimony?
Will Hillary say "President" 5+ times during her Epstein testimony?
Will Hillary say "Prince" during her Epstein testimony?
Will Hillary say "Secretary" during her Epstein testimony?
Will Hillary say "Six Seven" during her Epstein testimony?
Will Hillary say "Survivor" during her Epstein testimony?
Will Hillary say "Trump" 5+ times during her Epstein testimony?
Will Hillary say "Under Oath" during her Epstein testimony?
Will Hillary say "Victim" during her Epstein testimony?
Will Hillary say "Wedding" during her Epstein testimony?
Will Hillary say "White House" during her Epstein testimony?
Will Jerome Powell say "Trump" during December FOMC Press Conference?
Will Jerome Powell say "crypto" or "Bitcoin" during December FOMC Press Conference?
Will Jerome Powell say "cut" 7 or more times during December FOMC Press Conference?
Will Jerome Powell say "good afternoon" during December FOMC Press Conference?
Will Jerome Powell say "growth" 10 or more times during December FOMC Press Conference?
Will Jerome Powell say "inflation" 40 or more times during December FOMC Press Conference?
Will Jerome Powell say "inflation" 50 or more times during December FOMC Press Conference?
Will Jerome Powell say "price" 10 or more times during December FOMC Press Conference?
Will Jerome Powell say "tariff" 5 or more times during December FOMC Press Conference?
Will Jerome Powell say "tariff" during December FOMC Press Conference?
Will Jerome Powell say "unemployment" 5 or more times during December FOMC Press Conference?
Will Kamala Harris say "America" 5 or more times during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "Antisemitism" during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "Ceasefire" during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "China" during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "Coconut" during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "Context" during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "Couch" during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "Donald" or "Trump" 5 or more times during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "Hope" 3 or more times during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "Inflation" 3 or more times during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "Inflation" during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "Jew" during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "Joe" or "Biden" during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "Joy" during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "McDonald's" during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "Monkeypox" during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "Not going back" during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "Oakland" during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "Obama" during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "Palestine" during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "Price control" during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "Project 2025" during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "Ukraine" during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "Unburdened" during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "Venn diagram" during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "Weird" or "Weirdo" during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "Woman" 3 or more times during DNC speech?
Will Kamala Harris say "abortion" during DNC speech?
Will Kamala say "Artificial Intelligence" at debate?
Will Kamala say "DEI" at debate?
Will Kamala say "I'm speaking" at debate?
Will Kamala say "JD" or "Vance" at debate?
Will Kamala say "McDonald's" at debate?
Will Kamala say "Palestine" or "Palestinian" at debate?
Will Kamala say "Project 2025" at debate?
Will Kamala say "abortion" at debate?
Will Kamala say "border" 5 or more times at debate?
Will Kamala say "ceasefire" at debate?
Will Kamala say "convicted felon" at debate?
Will Kamala say "crypto" or "Bitcoin" at debate?
Will Kamala say "democracy" at debate?
Will Kamala say "inflation" at debate?
Will Kamala say "liar" at debate?
Will Kamala say "not going back" at debate?
Will Kamala say "unrealized" at debate?
Will Kamala say "wall" at debate?
Will Kamala say "weird" or "weirdo" at debate?
Will Keir Starmer say "Brexit" during the next Prime Minister's Questions?
Will Keir Starmer say "Denton" during the next Prime Minister's Questions?
Will Keir Starmer say "Epstein" during the next Prime Minister's Questions?
Will Keir Starmer say "Gorton" during the next Prime Minister's Questions?
Will Leavitt say "AI" or "Artificial Intelligence" during the next White House Press Briefing?
Will Leavitt say "Affordability" or "Affordable" during the next White House Press Briefing?
Will Leavitt say "Baby" during the next White House Press Briefing?
Will Leavitt say "Border" during the next White House Press Briefing?
Will Leavitt say "China" during the next White House Press Briefing?
Will Leavitt say "Energy" during the next White House Press Briefing?
Will Leavitt say "Fake news" during the next White House Press Briefing?
Will Leavitt say "Healthcare" during the next White House Press Briefing?
Will Leavitt say "Historic" during the next White House Press Briefing?
Will Leavitt say "Hockey" during the next White House Press Briefing?
Will Leavitt say "ICE" or "National Guard" during the next White House Press Briefing?
Will Leavitt say "Illegal Alien" during the next White House Press Briefing?
Will Leavitt say "Inflation" during the next White House Press Briefing?
Will Leavitt say "Iran" during the next White House Press Briefing?
Will Leavitt say "Joe Biden" during the next White House Press Briefing?
Will Leavitt say "Kash" or "Kristi" during the next White House Press Briefing?
Will Leavitt say "Left Wing" during the next White House Press Briefing?
Will Leavitt say "Russia" or "Ukraine" during the next White House Press Briefing?
Will Leavitt say "Shutdown" or "Shut Down" during the next White House Press Briefing?
Will Leavitt say "Stand" during the next White House Press Briefing?
Will Leavitt say "State of the Union" during the next White House Press Briefing?
Will Leavitt say "Stock Market" during the next White House Press Briefing?
Will Leavitt say "Supreme Court" during the next White House Press Briefing?
Will Leavitt say "Tariff" during the next White House Press Briefing?
Will Leavitt say "Voter ID" or "VoterID" during the next White House Press Briefing?
Will Melania say "250" or "250th" during Security Council events on March 2?
Will Melania say "AI Companies" during AI talk on Friday?
Will Melania say "Administration" during AI talk on Friday?
Will Melania say "Barron" during AI talk on Friday?
Will Melania say "Be Best" during AI talk on Friday?
Will Melania say "Career" during AI talk on Friday?
Will Melania say "Challenge" during AI talk on Friday?
Will Melania say "ChatGPT" during AI talk on Friday?
Will Melania say "Child" during AI talk on Friday?
Will Melania say "Child" or "Boy" or "Girl" during Security Council events on March 2?
Will Melania say "Conflict" or "War" 3+ times during Security Council events on March 2?
Will Melania say "Congress" during AI talk on Friday?
Will Melania say "Cooperation" during Security Council events on March 2?
Will Melania say "Crypto" or "Drone" during Security Council events on March 2?
Will Melania say "Development" during AI talk on Friday?
Will Melania say "Empowerment" during Security Council events on March 2?
Will Melania say "Family" during AI talk on Friday?
Will Melania say "Foster" during AI talk on Friday?
Will Melania say "Foster" or "Fostering" during Security Council events on March 2?
Will Melania say "Future" during AI talk on Friday?
Will Melania say "Gaza" or "UNRWA" during Security Council events on March 2?
Will Melania say "Grok" during AI talk on Friday?
Will Melania say "Human Right" during Security Council events on March 2?
Will Melania say "Innovation" during Security Council events on March 2?
Will Melania say "Intelligence" during Security Council events on March 2?
Will Melania say "Nuclear" during Security Council events on March 2?
Will Melania say "Path" or "Solution" during Security Council events on March 2?
Will Melania say "Peace" during Security Council events on March 2?
Will Melania say "Potential" during Security Council events on March 2?
Will Melania say "President Trump" during AI talk on Friday?
Will Melania say "Putin" during Security Council events on March 2?
Will Melania say "Scholarship" during Security Council events on March 2?
Will Melania say "Somalia" during Security Council events on March 2?
Will Melania say "Star" during AI talk on Friday?
Will Melania say "Star" during Security Council events on March 2?
Will Melania say "Talent" during AI talk on Friday?
Will Melania say "Teleprompter" or "Escalator" during Security Council events on March 2?
Will Melania say "Trump" during Security Council events on March 2?
Will Melania say "Ukraine" during AI talk on Friday?
Will Melania say "Ukraine" or "Russia" 2+ times during Security Council events on March 2?
Will Netflix say "Acquisition" during earnings call?
Will Netflix say "Ad-Supported" during earnings call?
Will Netflix say "Competition" during earnings call?
Will Netflix say "Gaming" during earnings call?
Will Netflix say "Hollywood" during earnings call?
Will Netflix say "Jake Paul" during earnings call?
Will Netflix say "Live" or "Event" during earnings call?
Will Netflix say "Paramount" during earnings call?
Will Netflix say "Partnership" during earnings call?
Will Netflix say "Price Change" or "Price Point" during earnings call?
Will Netflix say "Profitable" during earnings call?
Will Netflix say "Stranger Things" during earnings call?
Will Netflix say "Subscriber" during earnings call?
Will Netflix say "Warner Bros" during earnings call?
Will Powell say "AI" or "Artificial Intelligence" during September press conference?
Will Powell say "Anchored" 3+ times during September press conference?
Will Powell say "China" during June Press Conference?
Will Powell say "Comment" during June Press Conference?
Will Powell say "Comment" during September press conference?
Will Powell say "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" during June Press Conference?
Will Powell say "Downbeat" during June Press Conference?
Will Powell say "Downbeat" during September press conference?
Will Powell say "Energy" during June Press Conference?
Will Powell say "Goal" 15+ times during September press conference?
Will Powell say "Good Afternoon" during June Press Conference?
Will Powell say "Good afternoon" during September press conference?
Will Powell say "Immigration" during June Press Conference?
Will Powell say "Inflation" 40+ times during June Press Conference?
Will Powell say "Inflation" 40+ times during September press conference?
Will Powell say "Inflation" 50+ times during June Press Conference?
Will Powell say "Inflation" 50+ times during September press conference?
Will Powell say "Inflation" 60+ times during June Press Conference?
Will Powell say "Inflation" 60+ times during September press conference?
Will Powell say "Judge" during June Press Conference?
Will Powell say "Median" during June Press Conference?
Will Powell say "Median" during September press conference?
Will Powell say "Obvious" during June Press Conference?
Will Powell say "Pandemic" during September press conference?
Will Powell say "Probability" during September press conference?
Will Powell say "Recession" during June Press Conference?
Will Powell say "Recession" during September press conference?
Will Powell say "Summer" during June Press Conference?
Will Powell say "Tariff" 15+ times during June Press Conference?
Will Powell say "Tariff" 15+ times during September press conference?
Will Powell say "Trump" during September press conference?
Will Powell say "Unemployment" 15+ times during June Press Conference?
Will Powell say "Unemployment" or "Employment" 20+ times during September press conference?
Will Powell say "Volatile" during June Press Conference?
Will President Biden say "resign" during his August 3 speech + Q&A?
Will President Biden say “Trump” or "predecessor" during his September 9 speech + Q&A?
Will Robinhood say "AI" or "Artificial Intelligence" 3+ times during earnings call?
Will Robinhood say "Billion" 10+ times during earnings call?
Will Robinhood say "Gold" during earnings call?
Will Robinhood say "Prediction" during earnings call?
Will Robinhood say "Silver" during earnings call?
Will Robinhood say "Summit" during earnings call?
Will Robinhood say "Token" during earnings call?
Will Starmer say "Artificial Intelligence" or "AI" during the next Prime Minister's Questions?
Will Starmer say "Conservative" during the next Prime Minister's Questions?
Will Starmer say "Constructive" during the next Prime Minister's Questions?
Will Starmer say "Dialogue" during the next Prime Minister's Questions?
Will Starmer say "Equality" during the next Prime Minister's Questions?
Will Starmer say "Europe" during the next Prime Minister's Questions?
Will Starmer say "Green" during the next Prime Minister's Questions?
Will Starmer say "Labour" during the next Prime Minister's Questions?
Will Starmer say "Mandelson" during the next Prime Minister's Questions?
Will Starmer say "Mr. Speaker" 15+ times during the next Prime Minister's Questions?
Will Starmer say "Radcliffe" during the next Prime Minister's Questions?
Will Starmer say "Reform" 3+ times during the next Prime Minister's Questions?
Will Starmer say "Restore Britain" during the next Prime Minister's Questions?
Will Starmer say "Rules-based" during the next Prime Minister's Questions?
Will Tim Walz say "Abortion" during CNN interview?
Will Tim Walz say "Coach" during CNN interview?
Will Tim Walz say "Debate" during CNN interview?
Will Tim Walz say "Gutter" during CNN interview?
Will Tim Walz say "IVF" during CNN interview?
Will Tim Walz say "J.D." or "Vance" during CNN interview?
Will Tim Walz say "Tampon" during CNN interview?
Will Tim Walz say "Teacher" during CNN interview?
Will Tim Walz say "crypto" or "Bitcoin"  during CNN interview?
Will Tim Walz say "disorder" during CNN interview?
Will Tim Walz say "free speech" during CNN interview?
Will Trump and Elon say "AI" or "Artificial Intelligence" during their Feb 18 interview?
Will Trump and Elon say "Billion" 10 or more times during their Feb 18 interview?
Will Trump and Elon say "COVID" during their Feb 18 interview?
Will Trump and Elon say "China" 10 or more times during their Feb 18 interview?
Will Trump and Elon say "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" during their Feb 18 interview?
Will Trump and Elon say "DEI" during their Feb 18 interview?
Will Trump and Elon say "DOGE" 3 or more times during their Feb 18 interview?
Will Trump and Elon say "Department of Education" during their Feb 18 interview?
Will Trump and Elon say "FEMA" during their Feb 18 interview?
Will Trump and Elon say "Kickback" during their Feb 18 interview?
Will Trump and Elon say "NATO" during their Feb 18 interview?
Will Trump and Elon say "October 7" during their Feb 18 interview?
Will Trump and Elon say "Paper Straw" during their Feb 18 interview?
Will Trump and Elon say "Saudi Arabia" during their Feb 18 interview?
Will Trump and Elon say "Tax" 5 or more times during their Feb 18 interview?
Will Trump and Elon say "TikTok" during their Feb 18 interview?
Will Trump and Elon say "fentanyl" during their Feb 18 interview?
Will Trump and Elon say "trans" or "transgender during their Feb 18 interview?
Will Trump and Elon say "woke" during their Feb 18 interview?
Will Trump post "AI" or "Artificial Intelligence" on Truth Social this week? (March 8)
Will Trump post "America Last" on Truth Social this week? (March 8)
Will Trump post "Autopen" or "Auto pen" on Truth Social this week? (March 8)
Will Trump post "Beautiful" on final night of DNC?
Will Trump post "Bitcoin" or "BTC" on final night of DNC?
Will Trump post "Black" on final night of DNC?
Will Trump post "Border" 3 or more times on final night of DNC?
Will Trump post "Communist" on final night of DNC?
Will Trump post "Comrade Kamala" 3 or more times on final night of DNC?
Will Trump post "Crazy" on final night of DNC?
Will Trump post "Crooked Joe" or "Sleepy Joe" on Truth Social this week? (March 8)
Will Trump post "Crypto" on final night of DNC?
Will Trump post "Democrat Shutdown" on Truth Social this week? (March 8)
Will Trump post "Golf" or "Golfer" on Truth Social this week? (March 8)
Will Trump post "Insider" on Truth Social this week? (March 8)
Will Trump post "Kamala" on Truth Social this week? (March 8)
Will Trump post "Laugh" or "Laughing" on final night of DNC?
Will Trump post "Netflix" or "Paramount / Warner" on Truth Social this week? (March 8)
Will Trump post "Never let you down" on Truth Social this week? (March 8)
Will Trump post "New York" on Truth Social this week? (March 8)
Will Trump post "Obama" on Truth Social this week? (March 8)
Will Trump post "Poll" on Truth Social this week? (March 8)
Will Trump post "President DJT" on Truth Social this week? (March 8)
Will Trump post "RINO" on Truth Social this week? (March 8)
Will Trump post "Regime" on Truth Social this week? (March 8)
Will Trump post "SAVE Act" or "Save America Act" on Truth Social this week? (March 8)
Will Trump post "Sleepy Joe" on final night of DNC?
Will Trump post "Summit" on Truth Social this week? (March 8)
Will Trump post "Tax" on final night of DNC?
Will Trump post "Ukraine" on Truth Social this week? (March 8)
Will Trump post "Unrealized gains" on final night of DNC?
Will Trump say "50 border states" during his Nevada rally?
Will Trump say "AI" or "Artificial Intelligence" 2+ times during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "AI" or "Artificial Intelligence" at his press conference?
Will Trump say "AI" or "Artificial Intelligence" during events with UK Prime Minister on September 18?
Will Trump say "AI" or "Artificial Intelligence" during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "AI" or "Artificial Intelligence" during meetings with Chancellor Merz?
Will Trump say "AI" or "Artificial Intelligence" during the Energy and Innovation Summit on July 15?
Will Trump say "AK-47" during the X space?
Will Trump say "Abortion" 10 or more times during all female town hall?
Will Trump say "Abortion" 5 or more times during all female town hall?
Will Trump say "Alien Enemies Act" during Georgia rally on October 23?
Will Trump say "Alien" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Aliens are Real" in March?
Will Trump say "Amazon" during the Energy and Innovation Summit on July 15?
Will Trump say "America first" during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "America" 15 or more times during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "America" five or more times in his speech after the election is called?
Will Trump say "America" or "American" 25+ times during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "America" or "American" 50+ times during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Anarchist" this week? (February 8)
Will Trump say "Anarchist" this week? (September 29 - October 5)
Will Trump say "Angela" or "Merkel" during meetings with Chancellor Merz?
Will Trump say "Anniversary" or "Independence" during Medal of Honor ceremony on March 2?
Will Trump say "Antifa" in February?
Will Trump say "Armada" this week? (February 8)
Will Trump say "Atomic Energy Commission" in February?
Will Trump say "Auto" during meetings with Chancellor Merz?
Will Trump say "Autopen" or "Auto Pen" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Autopen" or "Auto Pen" this week? (February 8)
Will Trump say "Autopen" this week? (March 1)
Will Trump say "Autopen" this week? (March 8)
Will Trump say "Ayatollah" or "Khamenei" this week? (March 8)
Will Trump say "BRICS" this week? (March 8)
Will Trump say "Banana Republic" in March?
Will Trump say "Barack Hussein Obama" during Arizona rally on October 13?
Will Trump say "Barack Hussein Obama" during Colorado rally on October 11?
Will Trump say "Barack Hussein Obama" during Georgia rally on October 23?
Will Trump say "Barack Hussein Obama" in March?
Will Trump say "Barack Hussein Obama" this week? (March 1)
Will Trump say "Barrel" during CNBC interview?
Will Trump say "Barron" during the X space?
Will Trump say "Beautiful coal" or "Clean coal" during the Energy and Innovation Summit on July 15?
Will Trump say "Beautiful" 3+ times during Medal of Honor ceremony on March 2?
Will Trump say "Biden" 10+ times during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Biden" 3+ times during events with UK Prime Minister on September 18?
Will Trump say "Biden" 4+ times during meetings with Chancellor Merz?
Will Trump say "Biden" during Medal of Honor ceremony on March 2?
Will Trump say "Biden" during Panthers visit?
Will Trump say "Biden" during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "Biden's War" this week? (February 8)
Will Trump say "Big Fat Cat" in March?
Will Trump say "Bitcoin" 5+ times during the X space?
Will Trump say "Bitcoin" at his press conference?
Will Trump say "Bitcoin" during Elon interview?
Will Trump say "Bitcoin" in February?
Will Trump say "Bitcoin" in March?
Will Trump say "Bitcoin" or "BTC" at his rally?
Will Trump say "Bitcoin" or "Crypto" during events with UK Prime Minister on September 18?
Will Trump say "Black Plastic" this week? (March 8)
Will Trump say "Black women" during all female town hall?
Will Trump say "Black" or "Hispanic" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Blowout" during Panthers visit?
Will Trump say "Border Kari Lake" during Arizona rally on October 13?
Will Trump say "Border" 10 or more times during the X space?
Will Trump say "Border" 20 or more times during Georgia rally on October 23?
Will Trump say "Border" 20 or more times during all female town hall?
Will Trump say "Border" 30 or more times during Georgia rally on October 23?
Will Trump say "Border" 5+ times during events with UK Prime Minister on September 18?
Will Trump say "Border" 7+ times during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Border" during the X space?
Will Trump say "Border" in his speech after the election is called?
Will Trump say "Camp" this week? (March 8)
Will Trump say "Capital of the World" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Capital of the World" in March?
Will Trump say "Capone" during Georgia rally on October 23?
Will Trump say "Card" during the X space?
Will Trump say "Ceasefire" during events with UK Prime Minister on September 18?
Will Trump say "Censor" or "Censorship" during Elon interview?
Will Trump say "Charlie Kirk" in March?
Will Trump say "China Virus" or "Wuhan Lab" in March?
Will Trump say "China" 10 or more times during Colorado rally on October 11?
Will Trump say "China" 10 or more times during Georgia rally on October 23?
Will Trump say "China" 3 or more times at debate?
Will Trump say "China" 5 or more times during his Nevada rally?
Will Trump say "China" 5+ times during events with UK Prime Minister on September 18?
Will Trump say "China" 5+ times during the Energy and Innovation Summit on July 15?
Will Trump say "China" at his press conference?
Will Trump say "China" or "Russia" 7+ times during CNBC interview?
Will Trump say "Chip" during the Energy and Innovation Summit on July 15?
Will Trump say "Chip" or "Ship" during events with UK Prime Minister on September 18?
Will Trump say "Civil war" during Elon interview?
Will Trump say "Coal" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Cold" or "Colder" during meetings with Chancellor Merz?
Will Trump say "Comeback" during Panthers visit?
Will Trump say "Comrade Kamala" 3 or more times during his Nevada rally?
Will Trump say "Comrade Kamala" at debate?
Will Trump say "Comrade Kamala" during the X space?
Will Trump say "Congo" this week? (September 29 - October 5)
Will Trump say "Cookie" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Cookie" this week? (September 29 - October 5)
Will Trump say "Couch" at his press conference?
Will Trump say "Couch" at his rally?
Will Trump say "Coward" in March?
Will Trump say "Crooked" this week? (March 1)
Will Trump say "Crypto" 5+ times during the X space?
Will Trump say "Crypto" at his press conference?
Will Trump say "Crypto" at his rally?
Will Trump say "Crypto" during Elon interview?
Will Trump say "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" during Panthers visit?
Will Trump say "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" during the Energy and Innovation Summit on July 15?
Will Trump say "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" this week? (March 1)
Will Trump say "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" this week? (March 8)
Will Trump say "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" this week? (September 29 - October 5)
Will Trump say "Cuba" or "Cigar" this week? (February 8)
Will Trump say "DJT" during the X space?
Will Trump say "Daddy" in February?
Will Trump say "Dark MAGA" during Arizona rally on October 13?
Will Trump say "Data Center" in March?
Will Trump say "Deadlock" in February?
Will Trump say "Deal" 25+ times during events with UK Prime Minister on September 18?
Will Trump say "Death penalty" this week? (September 29 - October 5)
Will Trump say "Debate" at his press conference?
Will Trump say "Debate" at his rally?
Will Trump say "Debate" in March?
Will Trump say "Dell" this week? (March 1)
Will Trump say "Department of War" or "Secretary of War" this week? (September 29 - October 5)
Will Trump say "Directly To The People" this week? (March 1)
Will Trump say "Discombobulator" in February?
Will Trump say "Doge" during the X space?
Will Trump say "Drill Baby Drill" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Drill Baby Drill" in March?
Will Trump say "Drill baby drill" at his rally?
Will Trump say "Drill baby drill" during the Energy and Innovation Summit on July 15?
Will Trump say "Drone" during meetings with Chancellor Merz?
Will Trump say "Ear" 3 or more times at his rally?
Will Trump say "Easter" in March?
Will Trump say "Egg" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "El Salvador" this week? (March 8)
Will Trump say "Eli Lilly" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Elon Musk" at debate?
Will Trump say "Elon Musk" at his press conference?
Will Trump say "Elon Musk" at his rally?
Will Trump say "Elon Musk" during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "Elon Musk" during the X space?
Will Trump say "Elon" during the Energy and Innovation Summit on July 15?
Will Trump say "Elon" in his speech after the election is called?
Will Trump say "Enduring Freedom" during Medal of Honor ceremony on March 2?
Will Trump say "Enemy" 3+ times during Medal of Honor ceremony on March 2?
Will Trump say "Epstein" at debate?
Will Trump say "Epstein" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Erika Kirk" in March?
Will Trump say "Escalator" in March?
Will Trump say "Escalator" or "Teleprompter" this week? (September 29 - October 5)
Will Trump say "European Union" or "EU" during meetings with Chancellor Merz?
Will Trump say "Evacuation" during Medal of Honor ceremony on March 2?
Will Trump say "FEMA" during Colorado rally on October 11?
Will Trump say "Fake News" at his press conference?
Will Trump say "Fake News" at his rally?
Will Trump say "Fake News" during Panthers visit?
Will Trump say "Fake News" during meetings with Chancellor Merz?
Will Trump say "Fake News" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Fentanyl" or "Cocaine" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Fight Fight Fight" this week? (March 1)
Will Trump say "Filibuster" in February?
Will Trump say "Fire" or "Fired" at his press conference?
Will Trump say "Fire" or "Fired" at his rally?
Will Trump say "Fleet" this week? (March 1)
Will Trump say "Frack" or "Fracking" during the Energy and Innovation Summit on July 15?
Will Trump say "France" during meetings with Chancellor Merz?
Will Trump say "Fraud" in his speech after the election is called?
Will Trump say "Friend of Mine" during meetings with Chancellor Merz?
Will Trump say "Friend of mine" during Panthers visit?
Will Trump say "G20" this week? (March 8)
Will Trump say "Gag" at his rally?
Will Trump say "Gaza Strip" during events with UK Prime Minister on September 18?
Will Trump say "Geneva Convention" during Medal of Honor ceremony on March 2?
Will Trump say "God" in his speech after the election is called?
Will Trump say "Gold Card" or "Trump card" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Golden Dome / Golden Age" this week? (March 1)
Will Trump say "Golden Dome" this week? (March 1)
Will Trump say "Golf" or "Golfer" this week? (March 8)
Will Trump say "Golf" or "Golfing" during the X space?
Will Trump say "Good Genetics" during Panthers visit?
Will Trump say "Good looking" during Panthers visit?
Will Trump say "Green Day" or "Bad Bunny" this week? (February 8)
Will Trump say "Green new scam" during the Energy and Innovation Summit on July 15?
Will Trump say "Greenland" during meetings with Chancellor Merz?
Will Trump say "Grenade" during Medal of Honor ceremony on March 2?
Will Trump say "Grid" this week? (March 1)
Will Trump say "Gulf of America" in February?
Will Trump say "Haitian" 5+ times during his Nevada rally?
Will Trump say "Haitian" at debate?
Will Trump say "Hall of Fame" during Panthers visit?
Will Trump say "Hang" or "Hanging" this week? (March 8)
Will Trump say "Hat" this week? (February 8)
Will Trump say "Hell" 3+ times during Panthers visit?
Will Trump say "Hell" during events with UK Prime Minister on September 18?
Will Trump say "Hellhole" this week? (February 8)
Will Trump say "Hillary" during Colorado rally on October 11?
Will Trump say "Hockey" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Hottest Nation" in March?
Will Trump say "Hottest" during events with UK Prime Minister on September 18?
Will Trump say "Hottest" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "House" or "Housing" during CNBC interview?
Will Trump say "ICE" or "Border Patrol" during meetings with Chancellor Merz?
Will Trump say "IQ" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "IQ" this week? (March 8)
Will Trump say "Ice Cream" this week? (March 8)
Will Trump say "Illegal Immigration" 3 or more times at his rally?
Will Trump say "Illegal Immigration" at his press conference?
Will Trump say "Illegal immigrant" during Elon interview?
Will Trump say "Illegal" in his speech after the election is called?
Will Trump say "India and Pakistan" or "India Pakistan" this week? (March 8)
Will Trump say "Insider" this week? (March 8)
Will Trump say "Iowa" this week? (March 1)
Will Trump say "Iran" at his rally?
Will Trump say "Iran" during meetings with Chancellor Merz?
Will Trump say "Israel" at debate?
Will Trump say "Israel" or "Gaza" 7+ times during events with UK Prime Minister on September 18?
Will Trump say "Israel" or "Gaza" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Italy" or "Italian" this week? (March 1)
Will Trump say "JD" or "Vance" during all female town hall?
Will Trump say "January 6" during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "Jesus" this week? (March 8)
Will Trump say "Job" 20+ times during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Job" 5+ times during Medal of Honor ceremony on March 2?
Will Trump say "Job" 5+ times during Panthers visit?
Will Trump say "Job" 7+ times during the Energy and Innovation Summit on July 15?
Will Trump say "Judy Shelton" in March?
Will Trump say "Kamala" 20 or more times during all female town hall?
Will Trump say "Kamala" 25 or more times during Georgia rally on October 23?
Will Trump say "Kamala" 30 or more times during Colorado rally on October 11?
Will Trump say "Kamala" during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "Kamala" in his speech after the election is called?
Will Trump say "Kamala" or "Harris" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Kamala" or "Harris" this week? (March 8)
Will Trump say "Kamala" this week? (February 8)
Will Trump say "Kamikaze" in February?
Will Trump say "Kanye" or "Taylor Swift" in March?
Will Trump say "Kennedy" or "Autism" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "King" during events with UK Prime Minister on September 18?
Will Trump say "Knucklehead" or "Numskull" or "Numbskull" in February?
Will Trump say "Laken Riley" during all female town hall?
Will Trump say "Liberation Day" in March?
Will Trump say "Lisp" at his press conference?
Will Trump say "Little Rocket Man" in March?
Will Trump say "Lonely" in March?
Will Trump say "Loomer" during his Nevada rally?
Will Trump say "Loomer" during the X space?
Will Trump say "Los Angeles" during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "Low Energy" in March?
Will Trump say "MAGA" 2 or more times during Georgia rally on October 23?
Will Trump say "MAGA" 3 or more times at debate?
Will Trump say "MAGA" 4 or more times during Arizona rally on October 13?
Will Trump say "MAGA" 4 or more times during his Nevada rally?
Will Trump say "MAGA" 4 or more times during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "MAGA" during Elon interview?
Will Trump say "MAGA" in his speech after the election is called?
Will Trump say "MAGA" or "Make America Great Again" 5 or more times at his rally?
Will Trump say "MAGA" or "Make America Great Again" at his press conference?
Will Trump say "MAGA" or "Make America Great Again" at his rally?
Will Trump say "MAGA" or "Make America Great Again" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "MAGA" or "Make America Great Again" this week? (February 8)
Will Trump say "Made in America" this week? (March 1)
Will Trump say "Maduro" or "Dictator" during CNBC interview?
Will Trump say "Maduro" this week? (March 8)
Will Trump say "Magnet" in February?
Will Trump say "Mail-in" in his speech after the election is called?
Will Trump say "Major Non-NATO Ally" in February?
Will Trump say "Make America Great Again" or "MAGA" this week? (March 8)
Will Trump say "Mars" during Elon interview?
Will Trump say "Marxist" at debate?
Will Trump say "Mass Destruction" this week? (March 1)
Will Trump say "McDonald's" at debate?
Will Trump say "McDonald's" during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "Melania" during all female town hall?
Will Trump say "Microcosm" in February?
Will Trump say "Middle East" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Midnight Hammer" in March?
Will Trump say "Migrant Crime" in February?
Will Trump say "Milady" during the X space?
Will Trump say "Million" or "Billion" or "Trillion" 10+ times during CNBC interview?
Will Trump say "Million" or "Billion" or "Trillion" 15+ times during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Million", "Billion", or "Trillion" 15+ times during the Energy and Innovation Summit on July 15?
Will Trump say "Miracle" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Mortgage" during CNBC interview?
Will Trump say "Mr. Speaker" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "N Word" in March?
Will Trump say "N-Word" in February?
Will Trump say "NATO" during CNBC interview?
Will Trump say "NATO" during events with UK Prime Minister on September 18?
Will Trump say "NATO" during meetings with Chancellor Merz?
Will Trump say "NFT" or "Non-fungible token" during the X space?
Will Trump say "Nasty" this week? (March 8)
Will Trump say "Nayib Bukele" during Arizona rally on October 13?
Will Trump say "Nazi" this week? (March 8)
Will Trump say "Nicki" or "Nikki" or "Rapper" this week? (February 8)
Will Trump say "Nine Wars" or "Ninth War" in February?
Will Trump say "No No No" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "No No No" this week? (February 8)
Will Trump say "Nobel" or "Peace Prize" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Nobel" or "Peace Prize" this week? (March 1)
Will Trump say "North Carolina" 3 or more times during Colorado rally on October 11?
Will Trump say "Nuclear" during meetings with Chancellor Merz?
Will Trump say "Nuclear" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Nutjob" in February?
Will Trump say "Nvidia" during the Energy and Innovation Summit on July 15?
Will Trump say "Oblivion" in February?
Will Trump say "Oil" 5+ times during CNBC interview?
Will Trump say "Oil" or "Gas" 3+ times during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Olympic" during Panthers visit?
Will Trump say "Olympic" or "Olympics" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Omar" or "Crockett" this week? (September 29 - October 5)
Will Trump say "Oval Office" during Panthers visit?
Will Trump say "Peanut" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Peanut" this week? (March 8)
Will Trump say "Peanut" this week? (September 29 - October 5)
Will Trump say "Penguin" in February?
Will Trump say "Pennsylvania" in his speech after the election is called?
Will Trump say "Percent" 7+ times during meetings with Chancellor Merz?
Will Trump say "Picture" during Panthers visit?
Will Trump say "Pipeline" during the Energy and Innovation Summit on July 15?
Will Trump say "Pocahontas" during Georgia rally on October 23?
Will Trump say "Poland" or "Polish" during Medal of Honor ceremony on March 2?
Will Trump say "President Xi" during CNBC interview?
Will Trump say "President Xi" during meetings with Chancellor Merz?
Will Trump say "Pulitzer Prize" in March?
Will Trump say "Rare Earth" during the Energy and Innovation Summit on July 15?
Will Trump say "Reagan" during Colorado rally on October 11?
Will Trump say "Rematch" during Panthers visit?
Will Trump say "Reserve" during the X space?
Will Trump say "Restaurant" this week? (March 1)
Will Trump say "Retardio" during the X space?
Will Trump say "Rifle" during Medal of Honor ceremony on March 2?
Will Trump say "Rig" or "Rigged" in his speech after the election is called?
Will Trump say "Ripped" or "Ripping" during meetings with Chancellor Merz?
Will Trump say "Roe" or "Wade" during all female town hall?
Will Trump say "Rogan" during Georgia rally on October 23?
Will Trump say "Roll call" during Medal of Honor ceremony on March 2?
Will Trump say "Routh" during the X space?
Will Trump say "Rug" or "Rugged" during the X space?
Will Trump say "Save Act" or "Save America Act" this week? (March 8)
Will Trump say "Scam" or "Hoax" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Secret Service" at his rally?
Will Trump say "Secret Service" during the X space?
Will Trump say "Secret Word" in March?
Will Trump say "Secretary of War" during Medal of Honor ceremony on March 2?
Will Trump say "Shield" during events with UK Prime Minister on September 18?
Will Trump say "Shutdown" or "Shut down" this week? (March 8)
Will Trump say "Six Seven" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Six Seven" this week? (February 8)
Will Trump say "Skedaddle" in February?
Will Trump say "Sleepy Joe" or "Crooked Joe" 4 or more times during Arizona rally on October 13?
Will Trump say "Sleepy Joe" or "Crooked Joe" 5 or more times during Colorado rally on October 11?
Will Trump say "Sleepy Joe" this week? (September 29 - October 5)
Will Trump say "Slopadopoulos" during his Nevada rally?
Will Trump say "Slopadopoulos" during the X space?
Will Trump say "Snake" in March?
Will Trump say "Sniper" during Medal of Honor ceremony on March 2?
Will Trump say "Solana" during the X space?
Will Trump say "Space Force" this week? (March 1)
Will Trump say "Springfield" at debate?
Will Trump say "Springfield" during his Nevada rally?
Will Trump say "Stagflation" this week? (February 8)
Will Trump say "Stargate" during the Energy and Innovation Summit on July 15?
Will Trump say "Statuary marble" in February?
Will Trump say "Steal", "Stealing", "Stole", or "Stolen" in his speech after the election is called?
Will Trump say "Steroid" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Stupid" or "Low IQ" during meetings with Chancellor Merz?
Will Trump say "Submarine" or "Helicopter" this week? (February 8)
Will Trump say "Sudan" in March?
Will Trump say "Supreme Court" during CNBC interview?
Will Trump say "Supreme Court" during meetings with Chancellor Merz?
Will Trump say "Supreme Court" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Tampon" at his press conference?
Will Trump say "Tampon" at his rally?
Will Trump say "Tampon" during Elon interview?
Will Trump say "Tampon" during all female town hall? 
Will Trump say "Tango" in February?
Will Trump say "Tariff King" in February?
Will Trump say "Tariff" 6+ times during meetings with Chancellor Merz?
Will Trump say "Tariff" 7+ times during CNBC interview?
Will Trump say "Tariff" during the Energy and Innovation Summit on July 15?
Will Trump say "Taylor Swift" during all female town hall?
Will Trump say "Tennessee" during Medal of Honor ceremony on March 2?
Will Trump say "Tesla" during Elon interview?
Will Trump say "The State of the Union is strong" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Third term" in March?
Will Trump say "Thousand / Million / Billion" 12+ times during events with UK Prime Minister on September 18?
Will Trump say "TikTok" during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "TikTok" this week? (February 8)
Will Trump say "TikTok" this week? (March 1)
Will Trump say "Too Late" during meetings with Chancellor Merz?
Will Trump say "Too Late" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Tough Cookie" during Panthers visit?
Will Trump say "Tough Negotiator" this week? (March 8)
Will Trump say "Toyota" this week? (March 8)
Will Trump say "Trans" during Elon interview?
Will Trump say "Transgender" this week? (February 8)
Will Trump say "Transgender" this week? (March 1)
Will Trump say "Transgender" this week? (March 8)
Will Trump say "Transgender" this week? (September 29 - October 5)
Will Trump say "Tren de Aragua" during Georgia rally on October 23?
Will Trump say "Tren de Aragua" this week? (March 1)
Will Trump say "TrumpRX" this week? (March 1)
Will Trump say "Truth Social" in March?
Will Trump say "Twitter" during the X space?
Will Trump say "Tylenol" this week? (September 29 - October 5)
Will Trump say "UFC Fight" in March?
Will Trump say "UFC" during the 2026 State of the Union address?
Will Trump say "Uber" in February?
Will Trump say "Unaffordable Care Act" during CNBC interview?
Will Trump say "Unaffordable Care Act" this week? (March 1)
Will Trump say "Unbelievable" or "Fantastic" or "Incredible" 10+ times during Panthers visit?
Will Trump say "Vance" during Colorado rally on October 11?
Will Trump say "Venezuela" 3 or more times during Arizona rally on October 13?
Will Trump say "Venezuela" or "Military" during Panthers visit?
Will Trump say "Venezuela" or "Venezuelan" 5 or more times during Georgia rally on October 23?
Will Trump say "Victory" three or more times in his speech after the election is called?
Will Trump say "Vote" 15 or more times during Georgia rally on October 23?
Will Trump say "War On Fraud" in March?
Will Trump say "Waste" this week? (March 1)
Will Trump say "We Won" in his speech after the election is called?
Will Trump say "Weird" during Elon interview?
Will Trump say "Where are you" during Medal of Honor ceremony on March 2?
Will Trump say "Whole Dictionary" this week? (March 1)
Will Trump say "Wind" or "Solar" during meetings with Chancellor Merz?
Will Trump say "Witch hunt" this week? (March 8)
Will Trump say "Women love me" during all female town hall?
Will Trump say "Women's sports" during all female town hall?
Will Trump say "Women's sports" during events with UK Prime Minister on September 18?
Will Trump say "World Cup" this week? (September 29 - October 5)
Will Trump say "abortion" at debate?
Will Trump say "abortion" during his Nevada rally?
Will Trump say "alien" 5 or more times at debate?
Will Trump say "border czar" at debate?
Will Trump say "border" 15 or more times at debate?
Will Trump say "border" 15 or more times during his Nevada rally?
Will Trump say "border" 20 or more times during Arizona rally on October 13?
Will Trump say "border" 20 or more times during Colorado rally on October 11?
Will Trump say "border" 30 or more times during Colorado rally on October 11?
Will Trump say "border" 35 or more times during Arizona rally on October 13?
Will Trump say "border" 5 or more times during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "carnage" during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "cat" at debate?
Will Trump say "cat" during his Nevada rally?
Will Trump say "ceasefire" during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "cheat" during Georgia rally on October 23?
Will Trump say "crypto" or "Bitcoin" at debate?
Will Trump say "crypto" or "Bitcoin" during Colorado rally on October 11?
Will Trump say "crypto" or "Bitcoin" during Georgia rally on October 23?
Will Trump say "crypto" or "Bitcoin" during his Nevada rally?
Will Trump say "crypto" or "Bitcoin" during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "crypto" or "Bitcoin" in his speech after the election is called?
Will Trump say "death tax" during Colorado rally on October 11?
Will Trump say "defund the police" 2 or more times during Georgia rally on October 23?
Will Trump say "dog" during his Nevada rally?
Will Trump say "doge" or "Dogecoin" during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "drill baby drill" at debate?
Will Trump say "drill baby drill" during Colorado rally on October 11?
Will Trump say "drill baby drill" during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "every state is a border state" during Arizona rally on October 13?
Will Trump say "execute" or "execution" during all female town hall?
Will Trump say "fake news" 3 or more times during his Nevada rally?
Will Trump say "fake news" at debate?
Will Trump say "frack" or "fracking" during Georgia rally on October 23?
Will Trump say "fracking" 3 or more times during Colorado rally on October 11?
Will Trump say "fraud" at debate?
Will Trump say "get out and vote" during Georgia rally on October 23?
Will Trump say "god" 2 or more times during Colorado rally on October 11?
Will Trump say "god" 3 or more times during Georgia rally on October 23?
Will Trump say "god" 4+ times during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "green new scam" 2 or more times during Colorado rally on October 11?
Will Trump say "gun" 5 or more times during Arizona rally on October 13?
Will Trump say "gun" 5 or more times during Georgia rally on October 23?
Will Trump say "hell" during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "hispanic" during Arizona rally on October 13?
Will Trump say "hurricane" 3 or more times during Colorado rally on October 11?
Will Trump say "illegal immigrant" or "illegal immigration" during his inauguration speech?  
Will Trump say "insane asylum" during Arizona rally on October 13?
Will Trump say "mandate" 3+ times during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "memecoin" during the X space?
Will Trump say "middle class" during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "million" 15 or more times during Arizona rally on October 13?
Will Trump say "missile defense shield" during Colorado rally on October 11?
Will Trump say "moderator" during his Nevada rally?
Will Trump say "ninth month" during all female town hall?
Will Trump say "parental rights" during all female town hall?
Will Trump say "rig" or "rigged" during his Nevada rally?
Will Trump say "rig" or "rigged" during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "salt" or "SALT" during Arizona rally on October 13?
Will Trump say "tampon" at debate?
Will Trump say "tampon" during Arizona rally on October 13?
Will Trump say "tampon" during Georgia rally on October 23?
Will Trump say "tampon" during his Nevada rally?
Will Trump say "tax" 30 or more times during Arizona rally on October 13?
Will Trump say "tax" 30 or more times during Colorado rally on October 11?
Will Trump say "too big to rig" during Colorado rally on October 11?
Will Trump say "trans" during Arizona rally on October 13?
Will Trump say "trans" during Colorado rally on October 11?
Will Trump say "trans" during Georgia rally on October 23?
Will Trump say "trans" during his Nevada rally?
Will Trump say "trans" during his inauguration speech?
Will Trump say "turning point" during Georgia rally on October 23?
Will anyone say "AI" or "Artificial Intelligence" 7+ times during the Q2 2025 Netflix earnings call?
Will anyone say "AI" or "Artificial Intelligence" during 1st NYC mayoral debate on October 16?
Will anyone say "AI" or "Artificial Intelligence" during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "AI" or "Artificial Intelligence" during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "AI" or "Artificial Intelligence" during the FED board meeting on October 24?
Will anyone say "AI" or "Artificial Intelligence" in the RNC primary debate on August 23?
Will anyone say "Activision" during the Q4 2025 Microsoft earnings call?
Will anyone say "Advertisement" during the Q2 2025 AMC earnings call?
Will anyone say "Advertisement" during the Q2 2025 Netflix earnings call?
Will anyone say "Advertising" during the Q2 2025 Amazon earnings call?
Will anyone say "Advertising" during the Q2 2025 Meta earnings call?
Will anyone say "Affordability" or "Affordable" 15+ times during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "Affordability" or "Affordable" 20+ times during 1st NYC mayoral debate on October 16?
Will anyone say "Alexa Plus" during the Q2 2025 Amazon earnings call?
Will anyone say "Alien" in the RNC primary debate on August 23?
Will anyone say "America" during the Q2 2025 Netflix earnings call?
Will anyone say "Anime" during the Q2 2025 Netflix earnings call?
Will anyone say "Antitrust" during the Q2 2025 Google earnings call?
Will anyone say "Antitrust" during the Q2 2025 Meta earnings call?
Will anyone say "Automotive" during the Q2 2025 Nvidia earnings call?
Will anyone say "Bank" 50+ times during the FED board meeting on October 24?
Will anyone say "Bank" 65+ times during the FED board meeting on October 24?
Will anyone say "Banking system" 6+ times during the FED board meeting on October 24?
Will anyone say "Beige Book" during the FED board meeting on October 24?
Will anyone say "Bidenomics" in the 2nd RNC primary debate?
Will anyone say "Bidenomics" in the RNC primary debate on August 23?
Will anyone say "Bitcoin" in the 2nd RNC primary debate?
Will anyone say "Bitcoin" in the RNC primary debate on August 23?
Will anyone say "Bitcoin" or "Crypto" during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "Broncos" during South Park's prediction market episode?
Will anyone say "Browser" during the OpenAI livestream on August 7?
Will anyone say "Canada" during the Q2 2025 Netflix earnings call?
Will anyone say "Cat" or "PETA" during 1st NYC mayoral debate on October 16?
Will anyone say "Cat" or "PETA" during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "Channel" during the Q2 2025 Meta earnings call?
Will anyone say "Charlie" or "Kirk" during 1st NYC mayoral debate on October 16?
Will anyone say "Charlie" or "Kirk" during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "Charlie" or "Kirk" during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "China" during the OpenAI livestream on August 7?
Will anyone say "China" during the Q2 2025 Nvidia earnings call?
Will anyone say "China" during the Q3 2025 Apple earnings call?
Will anyone say "Clinton" in the RNC primary debate on August 23?
Will anyone say "Cloud" during the Q4 2025 Microsoft earnings call?
Will anyone say "Copilot" during the Q4 2025 Microsoft earnings call?
Will anyone say "Cosmos" during the Q2 2025 Nvidia earnings call?
Will anyone say "Covid-19" or "Pandemic" during the FED board meeting on October 24?
Will anyone say "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" during South Park's prediction market episode?
Will anyone say "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" during the FED board meeting on October 24?
Will anyone say "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" during the OpenAI livestream on August 7?
Will anyone say "Crypto" or "Bitcoin" during the Q2 2025 Netflix earnings call?
Will anyone say "Crypto" or "DOGE" during 1st NYC mayoral debate on October 16?
Will anyone say "Crypto" or "DOGE" during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "Cuck" or "Cuckold" during South Park's prediction market episode?
Will anyone say "Cybersecurity" during the Q4 2025 Microsoft earnings call?
Will anyone say "Datacenter" during the Q2 2025 Nvidia earnings call?
Will anyone say "Dead City" during the Q2 2025 AMC earnings call?
Will anyone say "Deep Research" during the OpenAI livestream on August 7?
Will anyone say "DeepMind" during the Q2 2025 Google earnings call?
Will anyone say "Defund" or "Defunding" during 1st NYC mayoral debate on October 16?
Will anyone say "Defund" or "Defunding" during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "Delivery" during the Q2 2025 Amazon earnings call?
Will anyone say "Dildo" during South Park's prediction market episode?
Will anyone say "Donald" or "Trump" 3+ times during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "Downgrade" during the Q2 2025 Netflix earnings call?
Will anyone say "Economic Cycle" during the FED board meeting on October 24?
Will anyone say "Enterprise" during the Q2 2025 Nvidia earnings call?
Will anyone say "Family Link" during the Q2 2025 Google earnings call?
Will anyone say "Fed" during South Park's prediction market episode?
Will anyone say "Federal Reserve" 5+ times during the FED board meeting on October 24?
Will anyone say "Fentanyl" during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "Fuck" or "Fucking" 3+ times during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "GPT" 15+ times during the OpenAI livestream on August 7?
Will anyone say "GPT" in the 2nd RNC primary debate?
Will anyone say "Gaming" during the Q2 2025 Netflix earnings call?
Will anyone say "Gaming" during the Q2 2025 Nvidia earnings call?
Will anyone say "Gemini" during the OpenAI livestream on August 7?
Will anyone say "Gemini" during the Q2 2025 Google earnings call?
Will anyone say "Genocide" during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "George Santos" in the 4th RNC primary debate?
Will anyone say "Gold" during the FED board meeting on October 24?
Will anyone say "Good Afternoon" during the FED board meeting on October 24?
Will anyone say "Grand Theft Auto" during the Q2 2025 Netflix earnings call?
Will anyone say "Grocery" during the Q2 2025 Amazon earnings call?
Will anyone say "Hell" 3+ times during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "Hopper" during the Q2 2025 Nvidia earnings call?
Will anyone say "Hunter" in the 2nd RNC primary debate?
Will anyone say "Hunter" in the RNC primary debate on August 23?
Will anyone say "ICE" during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "ICE" during South Park's prediction market episode?
Will anyone say "IMAX" during the Q2 2025 AMC earnings call?
Will anyone say "Immigrant" 8+ times during 1st NYC mayoral debate on October 16?
Will anyone say "Immigrant" or "Migrant" 10+ times during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "India" during the Q2 2025 Netflix earnings call?
Will anyone say "Inference" during the Q2 2025 Nvidia earnings call?
Will anyone say "Inflation" during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "Inflation" during the FED board meeting on October 24?
Will anyone say "Innovation" during the Q2 2025 AMC earnings call?
Will anyone say "Instagram" during the Q2 2025 Meta earnings call?
Will anyone say "Intelligence" during the Q3 2025 Apple earnings call?
Will anyone say "Interface" during the Q2 2025 Netflix earnings call?
Will anyone say "Interview" during the Q2 2025 AMC earnings call?
Will anyone say "Investor" during the Q2 2025 AMC earnings call?
Will anyone say "It's a good model" during the OpenAI livestream on August 7?
Will anyone say "JPMorgan" or "Bank of America" during the FED board meeting on October 24?
Will anyone say "January 6th" in the RNC primary debate on August 23?
Will anyone say "Jew" 5+ times during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "Jew" or "Muslim" or "Christian" 30+ times during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?-P817
Will anyone say "Killed Kenny" during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "Killed Kenny" during South Park's prediction market episode?
Will anyone say "Kristi" or "Noem" during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "LGBTQ" or "Transgender" during 1st NYC mayoral debate on October 16?
Will anyone say "LGBTQ" or "Transgender" during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "Labubu" during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "Landlord" during the Q2 2025 AMC earnings call?
Will anyone say "LinkedIn" during the Q4 2025 Microsoft earnings call?
Will anyone say "Loyalty" during the Q2 2025 AMC earnings call?
Will anyone say "M3" during the Q3 2025 Apple earnings call?
Will anyone say "M365" during the Q4 2025 Microsoft earnings call?
Will anyone say "Macroeconomic" during the FED board meeting on October 24?
Will anyone say "Manufacturing" during the Q3 2025 Apple earnings call?
Will anyone say "Maverick" during the Q2 2025 Meta earnings call?
Will anyone say "Meta AI" during the Q2 2025 Meta earnings call?
Will anyone say "Million", "Billion", or "Trillion" 10+ times during the FED board meeting on October 24?
Will anyone say "Million", "Billion", or "Trillion" 15+ times during the Q2 2025 Netflix earnings call?
Will anyone say "Money" during the FED board meeting on October 24?
Will anyone say "Movie" 7+ times during the Q2 2025 Netflix earnings call?
Will anyone say "Multimodal" during the OpenAI livestream on August 7?
Will anyone say "National Guard" 4+ times during 1st NYC mayoral debate on October 16?
Will anyone say "National Guard" 5+ times during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "Netanyahu" during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "Netflix" 30+ times during the Q2 2025 Netflix earnings call?
Will anyone say "Networking" during the Q2 2025 Nvidia earnings call?
Will anyone say "New York" or "New Yorker" 30+ times during 1st NYC mayoral debate on October 16?
Will anyone say "New York" or "New Yorker" 45+ times during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "Nobel" or "Peace Prize" during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "Obama" in the 2nd RNC primary debate?
Will anyone say "Oligarchy" or "Wall Street" during 1st NYC mayoral debate on October 16?
Will anyone say "Oligarchy" or "Wall Street" during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "Omniverse" during the Q2 2025 Nvidia earnings call?
Will anyone say "Open Source" during the OpenAI livestream on August 7?
Will anyone say "OpenAI" 5+ times during the OpenAI livestream on August 7?
Will anyone say "OpenAI" during the Q4 2025 Microsoft earnings call?
Will anyone say "Operating Margin" during the Q2 2025 Amazon earnings call?
Will anyone say "Operating Margin" during the Q2 2025 Google earnings call?
Will anyone say "Palestine" during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "Pardon me" or "Sorry" during the FED board meeting on October 24?
Will anyone say "Partnership" during the Q2 2025 AMC earnings call?
Will anyone say "Percent" 15+ times during the FED board meeting on October 24?
Will anyone say "Pixel" during the Q2 2025 Google earnings call?
Will anyone say "Poly" or "Poly-" 5+ times during South Park's prediction market episode?
Will anyone say "Polymarket" during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "Polymarket" during South Park's prediction market episode?
Will anyone say "Predict" or "Prediction" 10+ times during South Park's prediction market episode?
Will anyone say "President" or "Trump" 25+ times during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "Privacy" during the Q2 2025 Google earnings call?
Will anyone say "Production" during the Q2 2025 Nvidia earnings call?
Will anyone say "Professional" during the Q2 2025 Nvidia earnings call?
Will anyone say "Project Kuiper" during the Q2 2025 Amazon earnings call?
Will anyone say "Public transport" 3+ times during 1st NYC mayoral debate on October 16?
Will anyone say "Public transport" 3+ times during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "Q3" during the Q2 2025 Netflix earnings call?
Will anyone say "Reality" during the Q2 2025 Meta earnings call?
Will anyone say "Recession" during the Q2 2025 Netflix earnings call?
Will anyone say "Rent Control" or "Rent Controlled" during 1st NYC mayoral debate on October 16?
Will anyone say "Rent Control" or "Rent Controlled" during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "Retail" during the Q2 2025 AMC earnings call?
Will anyone say "Rikers" or "Manhattan" during 1st NYC mayoral debate on October 16?
Will anyone say "Rikers" or "Manhattan" during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "Roadmap" during the OpenAI livestream on August 7?
Will anyone say "Robotic" during the Q2 2025 Nvidia earnings call?
Will anyone say "Robotics" during the Q2 2025 Amazon earnings call?
Will anyone say "Rotten Tomatoes" during the Q2 2025 AMC earnings call?
Will anyone say "Rugged" during South Park's prediction market episode?
Will anyone say "Russia" during the Q2 2025 Netflix earnings call?
Will anyone say "Sam" or "Altman" during the OpenAI livestream on August 7?
Will anyone say "Sanctuary city" or "Hottest city" during 1st NYC mayoral debate on October 16?
Will anyone say "Sanctuary city" or "Hottest city" during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "Satan" 3+ times during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "Scam" during South Park's prediction market episode?
Will anyone say "Scout" during the Q2 2025 Meta earnings call?
Will anyone say "Seasonality" during the Q2 2025 AMC earnings call?
Will anyone say "Server" during the Q4 2025 Microsoft earnings call?
Will anyone say "Service" during the Q3 2025 Apple earnings call?
Will anyone say "Sexual" or "Harassment" during 1st NYC mayoral debate on October 16?
Will anyone say "Sexual" or "Harassment" during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "Shutdown" during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "Sovereign" during the Q2 2025 Nvidia earnings call?
Will anyone say "Squid Game" during the Q2 2025 Netflix earnings call?
Will anyone say "Stargate" during the Q4 2025 Microsoft earnings call?
Will anyone say "Streaming" during the Q2 2025 AMC earnings call?
Will anyone say "Streaming" during the Q3 2025 Apple earnings call?
Will anyone say "Stress event" during the FED board meeting on October 24?
Will anyone say "Subscription" during the Q2 2025 Google earnings call?
Will anyone say "Supply Chain" during the Q2 2025 Amazon earnings call?
Will anyone say "Tariff" 5+ times during 1st NYC mayoral debate on October 16?
Will anyone say "Tariff" 5+ times during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "Tariff" during the Q2 2025 Amazon earnings call?
Will anyone say "Tariff" during the Q2 2025 Netflix earnings call?
Will anyone say "Tariff" during the Q3 2025 Apple earnings call?
Will anyone say "Taylor" or "Swift" during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "Teams" during the Q4 2025 Microsoft earnings call?
Will anyone say "Tegrity" or "Techrity" during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "Theater attendance" during the Q2 2025 AMC earnings call?
Will anyone say "Third-Party Sellers" during the Q2 2025 Amazon earnings call?
Will anyone say "Thousand" or "Million" or "Billion" 15+ times during 1st NYC mayoral debate on October 16?
Will anyone say "Thousand" or "Million" or "Billion" 20+ times during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "Threads" during the Q2 2025 Meta earnings call?
Will anyone say "TikTok" during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "Trade" 3+ times during South Park's prediction market episode?
Will anyone say "Trump" 20+ times during 1st NYC mayoral debate on October 16?
Will anyone say "Trump" 3+ times during South Park's prediction market episode?
Will anyone say "Trump" during the FED board meeting on October 24?
Will anyone say "Trump" during the OpenAI livestream on August 7?
Will anyone say "Tylenol" during South Park e6 s27?
Will anyone say "Tylenol" during South Park's prediction market episode?
Will anyone say "Uganda" or "Venezuela" during 1st NYC mayoral debate on October 16?
Will anyone say "Uganda" or "Venezuela" during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "Vision" during the Q3 2025 Apple earnings call?
Will anyone say "War Crime" or "War Criminal" during 1st NYC mayoral debate on October 16?
Will anyone say "War Crime" or "War Criminal" during 2nd NYC mayoral debate on October 22?
Will anyone say "Wearable" during the Q3 2025 Apple earnings call? 
Will anyone say "WhatsApp" during the Q2 2025 Meta earnings call?
Will anyone say "Wiz" during the Q2 2025 Google earnings call?
Will anyone say "YouTube Shorts" during the Q2 2025 Google earnings call?
Will anyone say "Zelenskyy" or "Suit" during South Park's prediction market episode?
Will anyone say "alien" in the 2nd RNC primary debate?
Will anyone say "alien" in the 3rd RNC primary debate?
Will anyone say "alien" in the 4th RNC primary debate?
Will anyone say "iPhone" during the Q3 2025 Apple earnings call?
Will anyone say "woke" in the 2nd RNC primary debate?
arcWill Trump say "Kambala" during Elon interview?
arcWill Trump say "Roe v. Wade" during all female town hall?
archWill Powell say "Unemployment" or "Employment" 10+ times during September press conference?
